organic is great, now we need more of that for all aspects of life, and hopefully some simple large integration of efforts to keep them stable and efficient after all we have near free computing to communicate, analyse and organize, so why not
Disclaimer I don t have one of these and don t particularly want one. The privacy concerns kinda creep me out. That said, I ve been to friends homes and seen them use it.As far as I can tell the primary use case for these things is to be and then just say out loud Alexa, set a timer for .... . I ve heard that you can order stuff from Amazon also using your voice. I think a third use case starts with Alexa, tell me a joke .I m assuming that there s other things you can do with these and would love to know, if anyone s willing to share .So - if the solution to the privacy concern is to walk over to the device and push a button then that seems to remove most of the usefulness of the device. Speaking as someone who doesn t want one doesn t have one of these things I can totally see how eliminating the voice control from anywhere feature leads to opting out of it. When I m walking around my home I ve always got my phone on me which, to be fair, has a bunch of privacy concerns too so I can more easily set a timer buy something on Amazon Google for jokes by fishing my phone out of my pocket and then using that, rather than walking over to push a button. The what else can you do with these is a genuine question - if people are comfortable sharing I d love to hear what you can do with these
Not only that, but by the same token this is in no way attempted blackmail.This is a direct attempt to shut her up -- this an attempt to silence their critics via blackmail -- and they hoped it wouldn t get mainstream press coverage. They hoped she would find out just via whispers from those who were there.
Well, its just a demonstration to show that a huge cpu-bound task can be done inside the web browser. To be honest, I m not sure if it worth to use it in production.
If this is implemented as an in-store pickup location with a little terminal that allows you to buy items with cash anonymously, I d love the concept.
When I say hotel I didn t mean some particular category of operation - I meant commercially by-the-night rented rooms . Such as a 2-room inn above an English pub, or any 1-room B B on the French countryside.Obviously the regulations that should apply for a person renting out a single apartment on AirBnB shouldn t be more burdensome than the very simplest Inn B B.
OK, now we ll really stop surveilling. promise! they invested so much I m sure this is how it is for good now, no turning back. that s the screwed up thing. America seems to have a lot of sunken cost fallacy. Once they ve begun something it s easier to continue illegally than tear it all down. Same deal with 23andme Genome stuff. Makes more sense to them to operate illegally take on the FDA than slow down a lucrative business.
There are hundreds of cities in the US alone that could fit this profile just because outside is available doesn t mean we can t have things inside as well. Going a bit further, AR was getting people outside en masse during the Pokemon GO craze, so these two things are in no way antithetical.
Go has been used by way more successful startups than Rust, Haskell and others of their kind combined.At least so far. Rust might change that in the future.
Hard to blame someone for unknown unknowns.
The Grammys went in the opposite direction this year. Opening the competition to streaming only for the first time. Two steps forward one step back. Cannes will come around in the next 5-10 years or become obsolete.Theatres should be able to show streaming movies. I m sure they have the tech for it. Licensing and permissions are always a thorny beast for new tech though.
You are talking about a lower bound. I can create a painting with a value equivalent to trash. I can take energy and throw it in the dumpster. This energy is wasted and therefore worthless. This is common sense.But can I create a painting of infinite value? In the history of mankind... has there been an object of such immense value that society has deemed the object worth more than the value of all the lives of humans that have ever existed? No. By virtue of common sense no such product has existed. If no such product has existed then likely there must be a hard physical upper limit to value.However, this example only hints at a fuzzy description of an upper bound to value. It is not clear what this upper bound exactly is... because a human can use his imagination and say that a piece of paper is worth 2 billion dollars. If human thought has no limits and if human thought determines the value of all things, why don t there exist objects that are worth 2 google gabillion dollars?Let us develop a concrete definition for value with our first example the painting. Also let us examine this painting in the hypothetical context of an island bartering economy of two economic actors a painter and a potato farmer.The farmer creates products of concrete physical value food. Food is a product made of energy extracted from the earth and the sun. The painter makes products of abstraction, a painting an object supposedly worth more than the sum of its parts.Let s throw this economic simulation in motion. What is the maximum value of a painting produced by the artist? Can the potato farmer say that the painting is worth 10 trillion potatoes when his maximum potato production rate is 2 per day? No. This is impossible. No 10 trillion potato-painting transaction can take place in this economy because the amount of potatoes is limited to 20 per day. Thus in an economy of a farmer and artist the value of the painting is bounded by the total potatoes the farmer can produce.Lets look at the absurd example of an economy with two economic actors of two painters. Both painters produce a painting and they both trade each other paintings. Then they starve to death because there are no potatoes to eat in the economy. This absurd example illustrates one thing All economies cannot be made up of solely abstract products of overblown value. All economies must have concrete physical primitives like food an energy to function correctly otherwise people will starve or nothing can happen. An economy of pure abstraction is an economy made of hopes, dreams and imagination, such an economy cannot exist in reality.So in conclusion what does this mean? It means two things 1. All economies must have concrete physical products to function. Economies cannot be made up of only abstract paintings, poems and stories.2. All abstract products within an economy are bounded by how much it can be paid for by the total amount of physical product in an economy.Thus the conclusion is inescapable. THE VALUE OF ALL PRODUCTS PAINTINGS OR ANYTHING are bounded by PHYSICAL LAW and PHYSICAL LIMITS.The notion that value is an ephemeral imaginative thing is an illusion. This makes sense in the context of the universe.
version 1You mean preview 1? It was never meant to be a finished spec that would remain supported long-term it was a preview for early adopters and people working in the space to experiment with. allowed to continue for political reasonsUh... what?
I m trying to understand the author s meaning for this statement They are also more likely to detect meaningful patterns where they might not exist. It sounds like a critique of the persons who detect those patterns. But if how one could refute that such patterns exist, or are meaningful, seems to hinge on the meaning of that quote.In a recent season of The Expanse, there was a religious women sorry, can t remember the character . Someone perhaps herself said that she sees patterns that other s don t . That claim makes sense to me, because it doesn t rely on somehow knowing whether or not the patterns she sees are noteworthy.
Also Winds of War and others. Yeah, the miniseries had its day but, especially pre-widespread VCR, depending on an audience to watch every episode at a scheduled time was a high bar. It obviously could work but it depended on having a sufficiently big event for people to schedule a week or nights on successive weeks around it--in a way few would do today.
I don t think that makes it a science.Hypothesis, experimentation, the ability to negate falsify, some predictive ability ... Either these things are not true, or your bar for being a science is higher than most.
Hi,Daniel here, CTO of Woobius. I d love to discuss how you want to use Woobius and how we could make the pricing work for you, if you would like. My email is daniel at woobius dot com. if anyone else shares similar concerns, do contact me, I m sure we can work something out that s suited to your specific needs .
You mean like by having package managers that are built into the OS distribution that can install the applications you want with a single command?
The government should fear its people and not the other way around. The gun of the public s ire should also be focused on class instead of in-class fighting over race.Who would rather be poor and white over rich and black? Exactly. Privilege comes from class, not skin.
Anyone else think it s strange that they sell 3 generations of the same device?It feels like they re needlessly expanding their products beyond what they need. They did this before and ended up in trouble before Jobs came back.
The poll shows that Republicans almost universally believe that these companies censor their viewpointTo me it looks like the polls say that they believe these companies censor content, and that these companies also lean left. Nothing about their viewpoints.
I honestly don t think Apple set out to kill flash. They just chose to not support Flash, like they also don t support a bunch of other browser plugins. All of them, in fact.Had others not made such a big fuss about it, Apple s mobile devices would simply silently not support Flash. But everybody made such a big stink about it so they had to vocally explain their motivations for not supporting Flash specifically, making Apple some kind of Flash opponent.
Show business had been one way of establishing identity by just put-ons. And without the put-on, you re a nobody.It always felt disingenuous to smile for the camera when really my life circumstances were plainly miserable at the time. However, by refusing to participate in fraudulent representations of your identity, you now become a nobody a digital vampire, without a reflection in the black mirror. Role-playing has become the normal mode of survival in the business world.You adopt an alter-ego. In the modern information age and WFH era, this is a non-corporeal identity whose representation is purely digital. When you re on the air, you re a discarnate being.It may or may not have any correlation to your actual read corporeal identity. Everybody tends to merge his identity with other people at the speed of light.In modern censorious culture, the boundaries of your non-corporeal identity are being violated without consent - in order to have an identity read participate in most mainstream social media on the Web , you must adopt the ethics of the Moderator class and the masses of Users that uphold the group identity.Failure to accept the group ethos and install it into your non-corporeal identity leads to a deprivation of that non-corporeal identity whether you were banned or merely refused to sign up on principle, the effect is the same - you are a ghost without a digital representation. ... and this, I think, has been one of the big effects of the electric age. It has deprived people, really, of their private identity.What makes this uniquely more dystopian in the COVID era is that identity has progressed to Baudrillard s third order simulacrum it masks the absence of a profound reality. Whereas the distinction between one s non-corporeal digital identity was clear in decades prior, due to, e.g. low megapixel cameras low video resolutions bitrates historical groundings in BBS, mailing lists, and fora etc....it is now becoming easier - tacitly assumed, even - to conflate one s digital identity for the real person discussions of what a real person is notwithstanding . Indeed, for many people we encounter, our only interactions with them will be digital especially during that time where in-person interaction was in fact forbidden, for reasons of public health. Thus, failure to assimilate into the group identity and uphold its manner of thought feels much closer to a direct assault on one s personal, corporeal identity.
Historic levels of inequality, including urban anyone can easily see that their downstairs neighbor is a hundred times richer than they are inequality, were much greater than modern ones and involved a lot less social pathology maybe look in that direction.That one is absolutely not true.
If you recall Crystal is a statically typed language but you can omit explicit type restriction and the compiler will try to infer the type of variable. In our code Crystal uses the Int32 type for the n variable which has the maximum value of 2,147,483,647 but the 47th number is higher. In this case we need to specify the type of n. We can use Unsigned Int 64.Both Ruby and Python use arbitrary-precision integers throughout. I thought Crystal would do the same, given the frequent comparisons to Ruby. I assume the reason it doesn t is to enable AOT compilation i.e. not only because Crystal is statically-typed ?Is there a statically-typed language that does use arbitrary-precision integers throughout?More generally, what other features are common in dynamic languages and rare in static ones, that aren t directly related to type-safety?
Deno Fresh pushing islands is a huge negative... but that s to be expected when Vercel s VC enforcers are behind it.99 of the React ecosystem does not function without reactivity enabled it s literally in the name.As a result most applications written in React depend heavily on interactivity. The only category that is an exception is ecommerce where you re normally pulling from a CMS... and Vercel needed to fight Shopify for that space so they went and helped the React team turn the framework into something it s not with RSC._Also most of your complaints aren t at all addressed by Deno? It uses an amount of magic closer to current Next.js than pages-era. It actually removes some conventions for separation that Next.js has all routes potentially being api routes for example . And as far as I can tell both libraries expect you to explicitly handle errors during data fetching and your users would probably appreciate that too _One of these days I might get annoyed enough to fork Next.js 1.0, sprinkle in a folder router for express and call it a day on a framework that doesn t fight React and just stays out of my way.
Even wikipedia tells people not to use wikipedia as a source. It s a reasonable point.
I don t even understand the theory underneath this supposed conspiracy, since full-disk encryption is utterly mainstream at this point. I also don t need to get too deep into what I don t like about TrueCrypt use it if you like it. The problem is with the model of full-disk encryption outside of phones with deeply integrated hardware designs that support it, FDE is the least powerful form of encryption we use. It wasn t even a speed bump for the Ulbricht investigators.By all means enable FDE. You have to turn it on. It s not optional. But the threat it defends against is not the threat many people think it defends against. It s hard to imagine it being such a priority that any government would launch a conspiracy to shut down an open source project.
Man. Getting paid for your work is so last century!
Actually, yes, lots of pilots prefer ipads. They are lighter, for one, and for many tasks faster than paging through paper.
I totally agree with you. Most of these tools seems really neat and have seductive examples. Then when you use it for a project you end up needing some kind of customization which they do not accommodate.I ve saved countless hours by doing as you suggested - only using the tools that have matured, where all standard questions are already answered on stackoverflow and common corner cases are covered.So when I see Google App Maker, my response is cool, this might be something I can use in a year or two, let s see.
I always use booking.com if I can, and most of the time when a hotel isn t available through booking.com which is rare I try to find another that is.To me booking.com is the amazon.com of hotel reservations you know that you re going to be served perfectly, in a timely manner, at a great price maybe not the absolute best price you can get, but usually very close .I once booked a three-day stay at a hotel in Portugal in the middle of summer. I missed my flight because the train was delayed in France you don t have a choice for trains so it s impossible to not use SNCF, but I sure promised myself to NEVER fly with Air France again!! I called booking.com and they managed to move the reservation the hotel was full but they were still able to do it and they called me back right when this was done.The contrast between this level of customer care vs. what we got out of Air France in short tough luck fuck off was staggering.booking.com never disappointed me.
Also worth mentioning if you want automatic HTTPS is Russ Cox s implementation that works with Go s built in HTTP server used it. It s incredibly easy. It seems he now recommends this more official-looking package
What? IT people would never do such things.In related news, cops are people. They play the game to get the money and they complain about things.
However, reversing a string is not a commonly useful operation.But not for an interview
Doesn t having a numeric keypad hurt ergonomics?Absolutely. I will never buy a keyboard with an attached numpad because it splays my mousing hand way out to the right in an very awkward manner. That is one of the reasons I bought the UHK.One of the really cool features of the UHK I was surprised to discover after I received it is that it can control your mouse cursor and right left middle buttons by using the Mod keys and h j k l keys. Yes, I m sure you can download some utility that enables this on any keyboard but it s nice to have it built into the firmware.
Wouldn t Content Security Policy prevents the execution of inline script? Or have they not use CSP at all?
See also places and experiences including major contemporary art meant to be a background for instagram and snapchat don t let the Ringer url fool you, very good article
That s like 2 or 3 coffeesExpensive coffee at Starbucks which I would never buy. With 10 I can buy coffee for 3 months. It s way too expensive for me.I also consider every form of advertising to be brainwashing. Last but not least, I watch 1 YouTube video per month, so you would have to adapt your scenario for me to be interested in a subscription.
A woman in her sixties Googling for nordstrom is a Nordstrom customer.
You do get into a bit of a problem when you put Windows on a tablet such as the Surface line. I think that s what Microsoft was trying to solve with Windows 8, but they failed very badly. They have fixed some things such as removing the Start Screen and putting back a Start Menu, but the fundamental problem of putting a desktop OS on a tablet touch targets must be bigger than click targets still exists. I don t see them fixing it any time soon, but I d love to be wrong.
That blows. Seems like the company was wholly incompetent and rotten with comments like that. And as a contractor, you should always bill overtime so your unavailable time isn t abused.
That s why it took the engineer so long to figure it out. He wasn t expecting a solved problem like heat soak.
Automation increases employment. Technological unemployment is a myth.This is not true. It is historically true but every iteration of new technology changes society differently.You can t blindly rely on historical data you need to use common sense and logic as well. Historical data says nuclear bombs killed less people then cars. Therefore cars are more deadly then nuclear bombs.Does that work? No. It obviously doesn t. Just like you can t say that AI will cause a rise in employment. You re ignoring the common sense scenario. Can you even work out exactly what people will be employed as once AI takes over? Likely you don t, you re just being impractically data driven.
It s only defamation if it s not true. And if it s not true, why are you posting it in the first place?
I have a similar copy of a snake game already, and a tetris clone, but seeing more code is always fun - thanks for sharing
My favorite Accenture story is when they charged Hertz 32 million for a website that never went live. Wonder if they will perform better with a smaller headcount.
If there is a USD to USDT match, where are the audits?
Oh sure, I was impressed and surprised too. I was also impressed that it was WebGL rather than flash. That said - if you re going to spend a hell of a lot of money sending people into the streets of both major and minor cities - you might as well give them good cameras.
Something that a lot of Ruby deployment setups seem to be missing is setting up proper user permissions for apps and deployment.The first step is to have separate user accounts for everybody that s going to be deploying apps. You really don t want shared accounts like a single deployer user , because you get no audit trail on who-does-what, and you effectively lose access control to your machines.The second step is to run the app itself as a limited-privilege user -- no write permissions to anything except for logs and tempfiles. A lot of attacks depend on your app being able to overwrite parts of its own code if that can t happen, the attack fails.
I don t like Apple in many ways but thank fuck they moved the market along in high resolution screens. 1920x1080 was the defacto standard for far too long and I was supremely agitated by the lack of progress. If I would have asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses. When you KNOW the technology can do it sometimes you just need to give people the friggin faster horses!
It will reach a point where people are embarrassed to admit they use a service. That will be the motivation that get s them to quit.
Super interesting, thank you! I imagine there are other music software out there that have similar behavior. What kind of storage do you use to run Hauptwerk and take the beating from all those writes?
Not OP, but I am a radiologist, and that 3T image is not representative of a state-of-the-art clinical scanner. The 11.7T does have extremely high spatial resolution but contrast resolution is compromised.As others have said the clinical utility of 3T is very dubious, and most real world MR advances in the last 5 years have been AI DL ML not generative reconstruction for lower field strengths.That high a field strength has significant safety concerns, particularly for implants and pacemakers etc.
It might be the law of large numbers. The larger the school, the larger the probability for one or more really mean kids per age group. This is then probably amplified once more by school size since mean kids thrive on a large audiences and have an easier time recruiting allies who in this context aren t actively mean themselves but are eager to provide social support structures to bullies .I switched primary schools once at that age because of massive bullying in my country switching to a different primary school is almost impossible unless you move to another school zone, so it took quite some effort . The second school was smaller and more diverse socially, and I got through the whole thing much easier.
Your analogy is flawed. Comparing a service given freely in exchange for some other non-monetary consideration to a service paid for. If you pay, there is expectation that that payment is totally of the exchange. If it s exchange for some other consideration no idea why, but people think it really is free, it s not it s just not priced in money , there should be expectation that there is some other exchange.A better comparison would be tv studio audience you get seat place to watch show live in exchange they get to use your voice and probably image. Same at sporting event. There probably even is an agreement outlining this exchange. There is also on websites, just no body reads them.
Eskil gave a great presentation at a demoscene conference where he explained the technical and aesthetic decisions he made that are allowing him to make a significant MMO as a solo project.ARTtech 2009 Developing the technology behind Love
Failed is interesting in this context as it could be argued that only the backup feed was working 10 seconds before the other went live.
Listen, search on a calendar is the worst thing to happen to humanity. I don t use search in my calendar workflow, therefore no one should.
Millions of people post their overly enthusiastic new year s resolution on social media, I don t see why I d judge them for it or even call them a fraud.It would have been perfectly fine to just write the criticism about the emails by itself, but I guess as an author he got a bit carried away.
Demonstrate the RAF is a perfectly spherical merticocracy operating in a vacuum.
could you just throttle the card down to 160W?
What people want is not what I want.Market share mindshare is almost an inverse measure of quality at this point!
I have no idea, but it s not just the flagging, I even bring it up and the negs pour in. Weird emails recently, too. I ve no idea why it s gotten so bad lately, I guess when something is so divisive it s just bound to happen.I get the comments can be cesspools and maybe that s why the fast flags, but censoring opposing views doesn t erase them, it hides them. I dont come for articles, most are reposted from other aggregators, I come for the comments, the discussions and the views.
The last 20 years haven t just seen an increase in social media usage though it s seen a decrease in socializing between kids outside of school. It s easy to remove access to their socials. It s very hard to replace that with a function social life outside of school. That s a recipe for resentment and rebellion. That s not going to happen without input at a every level of society to bring back that mall skate rink play park culture that has all but disappeared. We need to stop calling parents irresponsible for not watching their child s every move. That s where the difficulty lies.
What syntax would be the default?
What about yelp?
You must be using another Google Maps than me. I m looking at it right now and I have exactly zero ads A search bar, buttons to show gas stations etc. the map itself and then Explore, Go, Saved, Contribute and Updates buttons. This reeks of Apple FUD.
Figma s Rust in production post was pretty good
Linux systemd-timesyncd seems to have some limit, too. When our appliance-like systems get an invalid time from the hardware clock, they boot with a system clock of 2019 IIRC. systemd-timesyncd does not correct that depite me assuming that the ntp server works correctly.Well, it happens rarely enough and we have workaround, so the bug report still sits in the queue behind more urgent problems. Haven t read the source yet, which is what you should do on Linux of course...
He probably doesn t have enough to move.Perhaps a proper recommendation would be apply for jobs in NYC. The word is they re quite desperate for competent developers .
In this case, it is very odd that much of the coverage has not been centred on fraud. I genuinely don t understand why.Its because news is for entertainment purpose not knowledge acquisition from the journalists perspective and secondly because powerful players are involved.This guy donated 40 million dollars to the ruling political party and has parents with connections. Why would you write a truthful article outlining the grand fraud that took place when you only have something to loose by doing so?
A lot of people bitch and moan about it.... and your best people will leave. Over time you ll be left with just the ones who don t have any options to go anywhere else.It s kind of a self-inflicted Dead-Sea Effect that you ve set up.
My understanding is that this practice is now banned in both the US and EU.
By far the biggest tracking offender is Javascript. Enabling it could reveal your operating system, cpu gpu architecture, screen resolution, draw a precise and unique canvas fingerprint, etc. There are also mutable browser headers like user-agent and of course your IP address. However, the more advanced and insidious tracking is based on your behavior - what time you re active, what wifi networks are in range, who you communicate with, what is your writing style, and so on. Most of that collection happens on mobile phones, so I strongly advise against signing in on Android iOS devices if you don t want to be tracked across the Web and beyond, or using telemetry-free open source mobile operating systems altogether.
Not as much as I did because I shattered my elbow joint 18 months ago, and it s still pretty wrecked. Getting back into it but with limited range of movement I run into stuff I can t do all the time. Have had to learn to love the machines at the gym to work on lower body strength!
I have always disliked any app that wants access to my contacts.While the rest of my friends do not repsect my privacy I do respect theirs.I use a seperate database that isolates my contacts so that no apps can have access.On android I use OpenContacts which does the same thing.OpenContacts A different database for contacts to keep them private only to you.We should not be sharing our contact information online.
You re right that there is a cost to producing a product, but the question was about the switching cost to the customer. At very least there is a direct labour cost to move the ads from Google to something else, so it is obviously not 0 like the out-to-lunch comment claimed earlier. Although I think we all know the switching cost is going to be way higher than that as the aforementioned spend on building the product isn t fruitless.
In my experience, at least, safety is not the driving factor. Not unimportant, but also not primary.It s more about self-reliance.I know a pretty decent number of people with concealed weapons permits, and not one walks around in cloud of fear and suspicion. Nobody carries because they fear a mass shooting, or because they are afraid of being attacked.I can also say with confidence that all of them hope to never need to use their weapons, outside of a range.But, as the old saying goes, it is better to have and not need, than need and not have.Hopefully this isn t too political for the mods apologies if it is.
In other words, the hr departments are lying by pretending to be people, and by asking for applications and then not evaluating them.It s perfectly fair to treat them like they treat everyone else.
Frankly I dont respect investors as much as engineers and scientists who invent clever technology. The latter add things to the world. The former just push money around. Yawn.
Yes, and we ve also known for a long time that the effects are temporary and unsustainable. It also doesn t work for everyone and can induce or worsen depression in others.It is interesting, though. There have been some attempts to use sleep deprivation to kick off antidepressant treatment.There have also been attempts to extend the effect by using a single night of sleep deprivation followed by a slightly altered sleep schedule.Many people can even benefit from simpler alterations of going to bed earlier and getting up earlier. A lot of people discover that if they adjust their sleep schedule to go to bed earlier and get early enough to be awake by sunrise they feel substantially better. Convincing people to actually do this and maintain it is often difficult.Certain medications with depression-altering properties might act through alterations of circadian rhythm. Lithium inhibits GSK-3, which has significant effects on circadian rhythm. Agomelatine, a newer antidepressant, has significant interactions with the Melatonin receptor. It should go without saying that medications like these are infinitely more sustainable than sleep deprivation.
Plus, if you run a card for that small of an amount, you re actually losing money.
In that case wouldn t it make more sense to put the featurette after the film, so people will stick around through the old movie to see the new hotness?
You can look browse the available styles in the Styles tab.
I ve posted this before 0 , but it s still apropos regarding the foolishness that is Ethereum. Ethereum only makes sense if all of the following obtain a the code is 100 bug-free b c accidents cannot be rewound b all code-writers are 100 honest their code does what they say c all contract participants are 100 perfect code readers so as to not enter into fraudulent contracts Strictly speaking, only one of b and c needs to be true .None of these conditions will ever obtain. 0
Have you come across this a raspberry pi optimised to run puredata with a small screen and a bunch of buttons and dials. I have one it s pretty cool. I like the look of the LMN3 too though.
Do you have a link to data supporting the doubling? I would love to see the numbers!
This could also be my story - when I started here, things were set up so inefficiently that it was a full time job. Now, I ve scripted and automated most stuff so it just happens, and all I have to do is check that it s happened, and fix it if it hasn t.Sometimes I consider breaking things, just so I ve got something to do to fix them...
Sadly, this is exactly what many will feel. I suppose in time their ignorance will be their undoing, as they ll be the ones dying off if any of these diseases re-surfaces.
Im not achieving anything, no matter how hard i try On my 6th month of doing barely anything and it s already December I m regretting that i didn t use the time to achieve something meaningful All i dream of to make a contribution and make an impact Yet i struggle to find anyone who needs my helpThat s rather a bad mindset. You don t need to be a president or Shakespeare or Einstein or Bill Gates, etc to be impactful or achieve something.Become impactful can be done in smaller scale, starting from family or relative skip if they re jerks , friends again, skip if they re jerks , local community, even local animal shelter and wild bees.Well I m not joking. Many people, especially orphans may need helps. Wild sheltered animals and wild bees too. They need helps, though from anyone, not especially yours.On the contrary, you may already made impacts, for example when you buy from local grocers or vendors, you may helps them fulfill their financial needs that day week.Always view the small scope, nearby. The world may not need 2nd Einstein to survive, but local entity may need your interference to survive.
At the end of the day, you need to make money. The question becomes can you afford to be in the datacenter business?Executing well in operating a facility with significant scale means that you need to have folks working for you who have a clue about operating a datacenter. That s not cheap.IMO, the real question is whether or not you should be running your core business on a genericized public cloud like Amazon or if you should be using a traditional server hosting outfit, a managed service provider like Verizon AT T or a colo. There s a value calculation that you have to compute to figure out what s right for you.I worked for a company that ran call centers and had a significant commerce site whose growth exploded beyond expectations back in the early 2000 s. Our offices were a converted school and the datacenter was a classroom with a roof A C unit. We knew it sucked and suffered through downtime and failures, but the company wasn t big enough to do things the right way. So we had to do things the wrong way, because the alternative was to go out of business. If that were today, we would almost certainly have had 80 of our systems at Amazon Rackspace facilities.
White collar workers do absolutely use metro all the time. It s the primary audience. Maybe you re confusing white collar with executive level.
I don t see how the fact that the state rule would only render part of an arbitration agreement unenforceable, as opposed to the entire agreement like the CA rule did , matters. I m very surprised you would say that. It matters quite a lot. Rules affecting the procedure by which you get process are very different than rules as to whether you get process at all, and i m not aware of any case ever holding otherwise. IE a rule that says if you have a dispute under 2000, you are always allowed to go to small claims court is very different than a rule that says if you have a dispute under 2000, you can t sue anyone at all .In practice, saying things like you may not appeal would usually be valid limits on procedure when you may not sue will not be.I mean, this is essentially saying i don t see why whether it s procedural or substantive due process would matter .You are citing a decision that examined whether, based on regular old public policy, you could get out of a classwide arbitration waiver. Yes, it says a bunch about how that ain t gonna happen. It also says things like In that case we held that an arbitration panel exceeded its power under 10 a 4 of the FAA by imposing class procedures based on policy judgments rather than the arbitration agreement itself or some background principle of contract law that would affect its interpretation Note specifically that it s saying policy judgements cannot override the FAA. It also explicitly says background principle of contract law may affect its interpretation. One of those background principles is traditionally being state law on how contracts are interpreted and what is allowed or not allowed. In fact, that s where all the contract law they talk about is coming from. There is no federal contract law.This seems 100 consistent with the case i cited to you, which explicitly allowed a California state contract law to affect the rules of how an arbitration agreement proceeded under the FAA. That case is still good law from the Supreme Court, was explicitly not overruled, and appears to be exactly the kind of thing they leave open in the quoted part above, so until i hear otherwise, i m going to go with that It s 100 clear you aren t going to get out of it based on public policy. Also, if there was a possible backdoor way of prohibiting class waivers while still complying with Concepcion, I expect California would have tried it already. Last i looked, there is pending legislation on this matter, so ...
The only thing worse than writing unit tests is writing tests for destroying free speech.
On top of this one, there s another discussion of this article on Lobsters that the author is participating in some recommendations, reviews, critiques on various books learning strategies people here might be interested in. Here s a repost of my comment on the article Consider a Scheme resource like How to Design Programs for its combination of easy modification of syntax and DSL s. Additionally, OMeta, TXL, or the original paper on Meta II for transformation-based languages. Paul Morrison s stuff on flow-based programming. Hit them with Datalog or Mercury on declarative side on top of whatever foundational logic they learn so they see its practical power. Formal language like Coq with Chlipala s Programming with Proofs might be icing on the cake so they can see programs get engineered from precise specifications with provable correctness. Should come in handy in debates on whether programming is engineering or not. Lightweight version of that would be SPARK Ada that can automatically prove aspects of imperative programs due to clean design. Or design by contract with that, Ada 2012, or originator Eiffel. If doing parallelism, show them an inherently parallel language like X10, Chapel, or ParaSail. Erlang should come up if we re talking high concurrency and reliability in same sentence.
Any plans to build this into Firefox? I could definetely see this as some kind of account to sync our Firefox, better browser integration.IIRC Firefox had a plan for BrowserID something along these lines.
I read, this inflation is taking 30-36 of lower waged earners income in food shopping alone. But only 8 of wealthier earners, they are hardly feeling any pinch.One feels it deeply, the other does not. I read that some on Wall st are blaming the lower waged for inflation because of stimulus checks. There wasnt a similar feeling of blame when Wall st got all the stimulus checks in the 2008 of course Double Standards whereby those who earn above 250K are blame free, and those below must remain with no living standards raise lest THEY get blamed for inflation and the general untouchable like gangsterism on Wall st.In a nutshell, If those on lower wages are not allowed to get ahead some, whats the point of capitalism??
Not sure if anyone actually read my original post. The problem is that Ethereum transactions are not especially human readable so they are commonly signed blind. As you point out, this is a problem.
Garbage that could have been written by chat-gpt.
Something about that wording sounds like I don t trust them now actually I didn t before either . Not a change of opinion, just another reason for your existing opinion.
Just realized, came back to edit--if possible?
Because many people have incredibly strong oppinions that are nothing but often repeated FUD and anybody that has informed himself gets pissed off.
Having a second adversarial network could absolutely be part of the solution, I wasn t arguing against that. My problem is with in context learning, ie the idea that including background information in the prompt can solve hallucination.
In my country person ! car is one of the exceptions on innocent proven guilty. You are responsible for who as access to your car and it is on you to reasonably prove that it was not you driving.Typically happens with family members.
I am afraid that you are introducing the off-topic debate. The end goal of healthcare is better outcomes for lower prices. Likewise, the end goal of engineering should be better technology for lower costs.That healthcare in other countries is able to achieve this in spite of the medical malpractice insurance system points to the fact that such a system is not certain have to have the deleterious effects you confidently assume.Whether it is a burden for engineers is another question. But the article and the discussion aren t about the inconveniences faced by the engineers who programmed this system.
It s great to have another credible browser for Android and Firefox 4 kinda works OK on my Xoom but there are two issues that make me hesitant to use it - Fonts - there is some non-nativeness there - they look blurry and - Heaviness - the native browser on the Xoom is just insanely light and fast couple crashes everyday aside but Firefox feels heavier to use. Part of that might be drawing, part may be slow startup and some just general UI element sizes.
So long as researchers are willing to reify AI as a thing, the collective delusion will continue. I m specifically looking at researchers focused on the ethics of AI they set up AI as a thing more than other researchers. AI is not a thing. It s a field of research. Know thyself.
This has historically been true in India, but mostly because only smarter, more upper-class girls so those actually interested in education were allowed to study beyond the primary school level. Boys need a college degree no matter the circumstance, and thus drag the average down.
Great post and congrats on launching your product.As a PhD dropout, I reached the same conclusions as you but it took me a lot longer to get out due to inertia and circumstances. In the end of the day, you don t need a PhD to do science. Do it if you find it fun and you can afford it. In the meantime, provide value to people using your product and skills.
This is a bold claim without any evidence. Certainly it s not the understanding that I grew up with, but I had the good fortune to have a history teacher who liked JS Mill.What are you talking about? It doesn t matter who your history teacher is, the entire concept of free speech is about not locking people up for what they say.That said, here in Australia we actually don t even have a legally protected right to free speech. We don t even have a bill of rights. And while I support the right to say anything without being punished by the government, I definitely don t think that people should be able to broadcast a political message without doing the hard yards of actually, you know, telling the truth and formulating a reasonable argument.
Are you saying writers of poetry deserve to be paid whenever I simply want to know what their poem says?Is that close enough for you to see the similarity, or do I need to explain how songs and poems are functionally indistinguishable and further how poetry and prose is functionally indistinguishable and therefore how written works are functionally indistinguishable and if you support copyright in one but not the other your perspective is logically untenable?Or perhaps you d like to explain to me why a poem should lose its written copyright rights when someone sings it.
Remember that the chain moves very slowly -7 feet per minute.
There are also plenty of variations in calligraphy that make some store signs nearly impossible to read for me . There are differences but many of them come from computers not being able to properly render pictographs.Compare 人 with for one of the most obvious differences.For Japanese there is 篆書 隷書 楷書 行書 草書. see more here
His mentor one of those involved in this fraud refused to withdraw the paper, according to the translated messages with friends from the same link above.
Depends on where. Milwaukee is vastly different than the north woods, both of which are different than Madison. There are definitely parts of Wisconsin I would not move to, despite finding a lovely home for ourselves away from the cities.
It was real and the battery actually had a 20 year life span on the supplied battery I would have guess a fake mockup
In the US, such a card is known as a check card .A check card is a debit card linked to a bank account but sporting a credit card logo and having an account number falling within the range allocated to the credit card brand. Charges made go against the bank account directly and any line of credit which may be attached thereto .You can use it in either debit or credit mode. In debit mode, you swipe and input your PIN, and the charge request, including the encrypted PIN, goes over the debit network to your bank, which debits your account in real time more or less. In credit mode, you merely swipe and sign, and the charge goes over the credit network, reaching your bank somewhat later. In neither case is it really a credit card, unless you have and use an attached line of credit. Most check cards don t have lines of credit.Some years ago, my bank switched their ATM cards to check cards. When I got my new card and saw the Visa logo and read the brochure, I called the bank and asked if the card could be used to make payments without entering the PIN. When they said yes, I said I didn t want it. A couple of days later, a new card without the credit card feature arrived in my mail.ATM cards are ATM cards. I use them to get folding money. I use credit cards only to buy stuff.
Does the current VC model only work in a bull run driven by cheap money? One the one hand cheap money driving growth of unprofitable startups subsidizing a market and on the other hand cheap money is ready to acquire these firms and or invest in them once they IPO...but this only works if money remains cheap and in plentiful supply.
It still had the effect of nearly doubling the size of the workforceNo, it didn t.That ship had already sailed before ERA was proposed, and was a major driver for it.
feels like reading Life issue 43 years from now, not 43 years ago...
The adoption rate for Facebook Browser or even toolbar will be very insignificant. Why?Majority of Facebook users 35 - 45 yr old females and older are not the crowd who like to install or capable of installing a new browser or even a new Firefox or Chrome toolbar without the help of GeekSquad or their nerdy nephew.The other majority are tech users who are already on Firefox or Chrome and the last thing they want is another browser or let Facebook monitor all the websites they are visiting although this is already happening in some levels
Some points from personal experience from working at Boeing, family working at Boeing, and a close friend on the flight line for the 737-8 - not everything is back from the Lion Air incident, but internally there was strong confidence that a lack of pilot familiarity with the adjusted mechanics of MCAS contributed to the disaster- reproducing these failures has been extremely hard and has required a lot of cooperation with other airlines and agencies, and that has been difficult- training for the 737-8 and -9 was just short of non existent because in practice, these planes don t fly differently.- since Lion Air, Boeing has been in somewhat of a panic mode but confidence isn t that the airframe and engine mechanics are at fault- Lion and Ethiopian Air are near the bottom when it comes to maintenance and follow up with Boeing- as of this morning, it sounded like there are more uncertainties with this incident given that the pilot indicated troubles after take off, but I m find it hard to back up that claim in what s already been publishedThis isn t about greed or the FAA being in the pocket of Boeing, it s that there were already adjustments made to fix MCAS and the investigation from Ethiopia isn t in yet.
Hello, they are STEALING content. Good for forbes. About time people realize the web is not free.
Just tried all of the prompts from the OP s post on OpenAI s DALL-E 2 - 2 beats Mini in almost all of them.
Can someone explain to me why we re outraged that CEOs make lots of money? I truly don t understand it.My presumption is that CEOs are adding enough value to be worth their pay, just like every other worker should be .
Scala isn t really all that FP. Marginally more so than, say, Perl. It s more like most of the advantages of Ruby, Java and Erlang in one place, with very extensible syntax.
class activation map is a new term to me, so I looked it up very briefly.Does it mean simply what part of the image or in aggregate, images carried the strongest signal for categorization ? Or can it also tell you something about the feature set?Would you suggest and good introductory example to the concept? This was the best I found in my search
Oh, the reprint already exists, very nice!There s nothing wrong with being a hipster. I meant it as an affectionate term for people like myself who buy retro stuff at silly prices. I might get the Golden Record too.
Is smartphone addiction really a thing that needs this constant coverage?The reporters have smartphone addiction addiction. Deep down, they want to cover something else but...they...just...can t. -
How does Openstack compare with AWS, from a devops standpoint? Is the learning curve similar or steeper?
All is included in a single binary. Very few external dependencies Python is not needed so installation is easy on most Linux distributions.I have to disagree. The combination of being closed-source and dynamically linked makes a program a hassle to run on Linux. Even if it isn t at the moment of release, it soon becomes one. While ts_server is better than most, it already requires an old version of libjpeg-turbo not available in my distribution s repositories. I had to run it in a Rocky Linux container docker run --rm --mount type bind,source pwd ,target app --publish 127.0.0.1 8080 8080 rockylinux 9 sh -c dnf install -y libjpeg libmicrohttpd cd app . ts_server ts_server.cfg The solutions to this problem that I am aware of that do not involve releasing the source code are 1 static linking 2 containers 3 shipping a Windows binary - Win32 is the only stable ABI on Linux --
I am confused, i checked most of the HITs and most of them are paying less than 1 , is that true? will i work for 1 hour for 0.04 ?
Comments first
Thx for the FUD salt. Rails never left, and neither did sinatra. In fact, other frameworks came to play, like roda. Ruby is ok.Sure, jekyll is no longer the new hotness, but I don t see a market shift towards a single tool. There s just the usual fragmentation. Hugo, next, none of them is consensual.Ruby was one of the primary targets of wasi. It compiles to WASM since 3.2 officially, but work started more than a year ago. Ruby in the browser is possible.Sure, not everyone is targeting Ruby. But I don t see new products targeting new stuff either. Seems that there are less oficial SDKs nowadays, usually targeting the top 3 tier 1. And that s fine, and means little about Ruby in the end.
He also assumed an editor.I mused on this topic a few years ago only I started without an editor just a command line on an operating system . But past that, it s neat to see he did something similar to what I proposed.
In most places around the country we need substantial decreases in infrastructure projects, scaling down of what already exists, and a much more thoughtful does it fit the place, as well as fitting the urban road code? application of the funding we do maintain.We may be agreeing, but I m always a little worried when people vaguely argue for more infrastructure. We pursue such enormous and unproductive road-building in this country in the name of growth. Induced growth is a siren s song to our governments they ve already driven us onto the rocks, but it would at least be nice if we d address the problem before we sink the country anymore with huge debts, public and private.
difference of 5000 fighters vs 12000 embedded civilians
dead
TrueCrypt GUI is designed to be invokable by non-root users.I can not say meant because only TrueCrypt developers know what they actually mean with anything.Start TrueCrypt GUI from a normal user account and TrueCrypt will attempt to self elevate internally using a functional sudo setup.This shows a deliberate attempt by TrueCrypt to be usable by normal users.It just leave it up to the user to setup sudo for it.Setup sudo to require a password and TrueCrypt will get stuck on its password prompt bug and hence passwordless sudo setup will be the only way to go when setting up TrueCrypt to be used by normal users or,alternatively,starting up TrueCrypt from root s account for normal users not very practical convenient .With both ways,the discussed problem will be there.
Apple could just, you know, implement oauth.
file transfer program applications can be used with the Arcan display server, but there is no native support for OpenBSD in Wayland.
If user server administrator writing simple scripts, you are probably right. If user a team of devs, I don t agree. You often want to use new language features just to simplify a piece of code, and you don t want confusing rules around when you can and can t use them.
Just growing the economy as economy is currently defined may well leave people less happy, with less access to services and infrastructure because the government has failed to keep up.Just being in a larger economy may mean each person is burdened with more air pollution e.g. China and India and more crowded conditions than when the economy was smaller, while reducing access to various natural attractions e.g. beaches, forests, open spaces .Where are the economic models that take these sorts of economic costs to people into account?I m often surprised so many people are persuaded to embrace various policy positions by general statements to the effect of studies say this increases GDP. As in the old saying War is much too important to be left up to the generals , it seems the economy is too important to be left up to the economists.
Ton is a meassure of weight not counts.Nope. It is both. From dictionary.com ton entry 7. Informal a. A large extent, amount, or number. Often used in the plural has a ton of work gets tons of fan mail. Also, please provide a reference.Since you asked politely, here s one. Manhattan, which I don t consider an inner city slum had 88 homicides in 2005, 102 in 2006, 68 in 2007, 62 in 2008, etc.That s comparable to Ireland, Switcherland, Denmark, Austria, countries of 3 to 6 times the population of Manhattan 1.6 , and 3 to 4 times the percentage of murders in Germany adjusted for the 80 million population .
The largest barrier to entry to starting a new University is prestige. Accreditation is a challenge, but is doable. Gathering enough capital is a challenge, but is also doable. New institutions of higher education are started all the time. But when was the last time you saw a Harvard started?Imagine the following thought experiment the entire faulty of Harvard goes off and starts a new University call it Garvard . Now, obviously, the quality of education at this new school is going to be just as good as Harvard. But which school are parents going to want their children to go to old Harvard, with a newly hired crop of top professors, or Garvard, with the original professors? I suspect that Garvard would get less applicants, and would likely have to charge less.This market force is why the cost of education is going up quickly while educator salaries are not rising as fast. In higher education right now, branding is more important than product.
Great thanks! Let me know if you are missing something to integrate it.My goal is to keep Open-Meteo free for non-commercial use and not start introducing API keys with different tiers of payments! The uptake in the recent days is great and motivates me to keep working on it!
Then, bluntly, you have made your choice. Those unwilling to stand up for themselves can t expect anyone else to stand up for them.
That was in December 2005, less than 6 months after the site launched. Reddit was tiny and didn t even have subreddits or comments yet. This is what it looked like problems they re dealing with 14 years later as one of the top sites on the internet aren t even slightly comparable.
Fascinating. It s hard to believe that my Safari setup has a lot of entropy in the plugins, since I don t have anything special installed there, just Click2Flash and Silverlight. My system fonts, though, are more unique. Not many people have Macs with Consolas installed on them.
Not sure where you re getting your information..
They said basically, so no need to nitpick. And I m not sure about unbounded surely it is bounded by a suitable exponential function?
The work Mark Moxon has been doing on this is incredible, as an ex-Beeb programmer it s really great to see.Defo worth a Follow on twitter
That s so close to classic Prisoner s Dilemma that it makes me sad. When the majority of others defect lie, exaggerate, or embellish in this case your individually-rational best choice is to defect as well. So you get the job, which is usually better than not getting the job. And you re surrounded by other defectors, which is worse than being surrounded by cooperators.From game theory, the solution is to favor cooperation anyway, but not absolutely. So you might miss out on some jobs, but the one you get will be better. Then again, there s a reason it s called game theory.
don t have to send unsolicited goods back or even notify the sender.But duplicate orders don t count as unsolicited and should be returned - however there should be no cost or inconvenience to you which is where Nintendo fail badly here.
Frankly those I understand that you feel that way but my intention was statements sound far more like evidence that someone is intentionally patronising and denigrating someone than sorry, I didn t mean... That carries all the problems of acknowledging you re aware of the effects of things you re saying just as bad from an HR point of view , but simply refusing to care worse , and it s hard to think of any response to accusations of mansplaining that sounds more like mansplaining than unapologetically stating it s unfortunate a lady is incorrect to object to your statement...
Oh cool. Now we can finally copy the Chinese.
Wildlife conservation for most people generally focuses on large animals we can more relate to, particularly other mammals. Humans generally regard insects and many other invertebrates in their urban environments as pests, or something to fear. It s no surprise that an invertebrate armageddon is occurring with so little fanfare, outside of problems with one economically important species of bee.The largest clearly-identified issues leading to these declines are loss of habitat and pesticides, both urban and agricultural. There are simple things anyone can do to help. This organization in the US has a lot of great information
The difference is there s usually only 1 CEO, but in a medical organization there can be 1000 s of doctors.
Wait until you see a GTP5 simulation of yourself.
If freewill is so sacred why does the OT and NT have so many examples of freewill being removed? Like in 2 Kings 1 10 and other places, if God is fine with freewill being ignored, and God never changes, then he can act, and if he can act would he not be considered unjust by Jesus words in Luke 18 1-8? Not a gotcha or academic question, just something on my mind recently.
Counter to your glorious Fahrenheit 451 perception of either contemporary society or our future one, it s just as dystopian to permit humor to be used as suppression of a marginalized subset of people. It is perfectly acceptable to expect that people not discriminate against others that are unlike them, in any way, lest that be a possibility. The key to humor that is actually funny is understanding that, particularly how the word I intentionally emphasized applies to comedy. Not saying that happened here, just reacting to your broadening to policing humor. Humor is also, you know, funny. That did happen here. Stallman should stick to his day gig.
And now they know they were wrong?
In your opinion, what do you think the consequences with regards to Scotland will be given some time? Might they seek another independence vote to then rejoin the EU?
Well, of course, I mean that s great. How are we doing at educating at educating the masses in biology, mathematics, physics, etc? Not very good right? So now, we re going to add more stuff. Why don t we add queuing theory, that s important right? To me the movement is not clear it s not as if you can t learn programming school as it is now. I love programming but I just don t understand what the goals are of the code fever movement are or even when I do I think it is naive, at best.Even that sort of crazy video with Zuckerberg and Gates literally made it out to be that programming is easy and you don t have to be smart and then implied that learning this stuff that is easy and doesn t require smarts will land you a job at this places where you can skateboard in the office and futons and so forth when they are the ones recruiting masters and phd students and asking people how to move Mt. Fuji ok ok I know that one is gone, just throwing it out there.
Could you describe such scenario? I fail to find one where this would be useful.
Reading another article about it, it sounds like the city of San Francisco and neighbors caused a lot of issues for them too. months of investigations, the San Francisco Planning Department said the house was an unauthorized group house, subject to a 250-a-day penalty.
Video games almost exclusively run on Windows.A decade ago this was true but today this is utter bullshit. There is a 20 of games that are exclusively Windows, sure.You wanna play vidya sure have a dedicated Windows box for that, no one will judge you for the Windows part specifically. I am a full time Linux user and still miss how convenient installing things like driversIf you re buying hardware that doesn t already have drivers in the Linux kernel tree, or you don t have the skills to use DKMS, you should go back to using Windows only. Please uninstall all any Linux you have. It s not hard to configure Windows to be safeTell us we can t take anything you post here seriously without telling us we can t take anything you post here seriously.
Our company gives every employee a projected promotion date , from Day 1. If you don t meet your promotion date and that is adjusted based on how the economy and the company as a whole are doing, etc. - it s not set in stone , then you are asked to leave. Plain and simple. Up, or Out. There is no settling into a role as a mediocre mid level manager - the only role you can settle into is that of partner which requires millions of dollars in sales and revenue per year, so you can t exactly slouch at that either . It works AMAZINGLY well at keeping attracting awesome talent. I ve yet to meet anybody below average or really even average from a motivation kick ass perspective. The culture is refreshingly honest and progressive.
Because garbage collectors doesn t care if it is simply deleted. Setting it to undefined or null is better for speed
as we are currently groupon bashing, take a look at groupon.de germany down ... down ... down ... there it is gray text on black background , the crappiest example of SEO i have seen in a long long time. keyword stuffing is so 2004. Berlin ist als Hauptstadt der Bundesrepublik bekannt für seine Sehenswürdigkeiten und das umfassende Angebot an Freizeit-Aktivitäten. ... ... Berlin Deal ... ... Rabatten ... ... Geld zu sparen... ... Gutschein ...bla ... ... Angebote des Berlin Deals ... ... Wellness-Angeboten ... ... Restaurantgutscheinen.... ... .Freizeiterlebnisse, Events und Dienstleistungen in Berlin ... ... Shopping und Online Shop. ... ... Berlin Gutscheine ... ... i would have guessed that a multi billion dollar company could at least hire a decent SEO guy.
Yeah, because every criticism is justified only if the critic can replicate the same work better... s
Disagreed most people are in the Don t care, will get vaccinated crowd. In real life not in fringe groups on the internet , most of the people were glad to take it.
So think of the greater good hokum?You have the spoken traditions memorized, that s for sure.
The definition logically implies that compilers are allowed to assume UB doesn t happen. The definition is undefined behavior behavior, upon use of a nonportable or erroneous program construct or of erroneous data, for which this International Standard imposes no requirements.With these optimisations, either 1. The program contains no UB, the transformed code acts as expected, and the compilation is valid.2. There s UB the standard imposes no requirements on what behaviour that translates to and so the transformed code is valid, regardless of what it does.
Dedicated JavaScript processor sounds interesting. I wonder who will do the JPU first, and how many requests it will send per second to IP addresses you didn t ask it to send.
I prefer rehabilitation to exile, if at all possible.
Computational mechanisms that Hinton uses in his ML models have very little to do with what is going on in brains. It s kind of like watching a bird fly and building a jet or a helicopter. Hawkins comment was about building a machine that flies like a bird - actually looking at what s going on in real brains. Hinton seems to be inspired not by brain physiology or anatomy, but by psychology.What about you? Have you implemented in software any of the ideas you learned from looking at the brain? I mean, the software designed to perform some intelligent task?
My personal hypothesis about the dam is that it was negligence and perhaps a misguided attempt to partially demolish it . Why?I would agree with that, because it is consistent with the general state of affairs in Russian army and government structures responsible for Ukraine. They lack intellectual capacity to evaluate all the consequences of their actions or inaction. Even if they had it, the responsible people may have not communicated it to the peers - only to the command vertical, where the message could have been lost or did not reach decision makers in time.
I agree, I think this is more an argument to be made in court
It sometimes seems that democracy, somewhat paradoxically, trends towards division. The grand projects of times past were generally created by entities where their successor would generally be vested in their success. Be this in the form of religions organizations or non-democratic political entities such as monarchies.In democracy this kinship frequently does not exist between successive entities, and there is even often an effort to dismantle the works of a previous administration as well as blaming any faults on them. There are also basic democratic political problems. One very myopic, and very common, political argument is of the form You want to do something amazing while there s people dying of cancer kids starving to death in Africa etc etc ?! This argument feels reasonable to most people, and can be used to frame a candidate who wants to do grand things as being out of touch. And it s extremely effective. It makes it difficult to spend large amounts of money on things outside of those that can be justified on a very immediate level, such as war.The space program is probably the greatest project the modern United States has engaged in. And if it had carried on it s likely our species would now today inhabit bodies beyond just this planet. But it was not continued. This 1 is a song from the 70s that was published shortly before Nixon, who had a long standing animosity with JFK since losing a razor thin election to him in 1960, would completely gut the space program - which was very much a reflection of JFK. So determined were his efforts that in 1972, as Apollo 17 was returning to earth during his presidency, he stated This may be the last time in this century that men will walk on the Moon. He initially even wanted to cancel both the Apollo 16 and 17 missions fearing that a mishap during them could negatively affect his reelection chances. The entire space program emphasizes all of the issues with democracy and grand projects. 1 -
He was quick to acknowledge Herb.
Fastest growing in what way?Tesla is hardly growing profits or revenues at the rate of Google and Apple. And their profits are already 50-100x bigger...It s only fastest growing in asset price.
I work through Toptal. Once you get through their interview process takes 1 month plus I ve found their team to be very helpful in connecting me to great clients. I m in NYC and can live quite comfortably, set my own rates, and get plenty of full time work.
Prince Andrew once used his inability to sweat to refute Epstein allegations.
In this case, I don t think the emulator would be programmed in OpenCL instead, what would be programmed in OpenCL would be a generalized cellular-automata-style FPGA emulator. This would be deep magic, but it would only need to be done once. Then you d flash the trace of the chips you want emulated to this virtual FPGA, just as if you were deploying it to a real one.
Haiku hardware support is patchy. I doubt anything would have better coverage than linux on shitty hardware.I find UI to be the driving force - you get a GUI that interacts with the filesystem much more directly than you can in any other GUI.A problem I ve found for workstation usage - the terminal has some problems. For example, I can t connect over ssh to a remote linux system and have GNU screen run there usably. There s a problem with the way colours are implemented. I understand they re workign on a tty rewrite before the beta but am unsure what the scope of that is, will it deal with this.I received a haiku programming book from amazon just today. I m interested in exploring this and in digging towards the OS API - seeing what they do differently to unix. Maybe I ll find cool mechanisms for prototyping that aren t available in linux but I m skeptical there ll be much.
In the first video I used my hiking poles in the front corners of the tent and I think I used two short sections of old tent poles, probably fiberglass from an old cheap tent, in the back corners.In the 2nd video I didn t use any poles or sticks. I tied the upper corners to tree branches with string.So, you re carrying two short poles and your hiking poles and string and pins to stake out the tent. That s not anymore than any other tent and less than some if you re carrying hiking poles too.I ll also point out that in our Ozark forests you won t ever be 15k feet when backpacking and tree branches are abundant most everywhere here.But, the real take away from this video should be that there s room to explore how these heat reflective materials might be used in cold weather backpacking clothes and tents. Not that a Bakers Tent is the best design, although it s a very good one for the Ozark forests and many other places, and for using that reflecting material.
It s more like Everyone is talking less about Rails - the only new kid in Rails block is Haml Sass and Rails is obviously stagnating compared to the hype it had couple or more years ago. Ruby RoR is more about evolution now Rubinius, JRuby going for stability, SalesForce adopts Heroku as one of it s development platforms - look, even one of Big 4 DTT hires RoR-consultants now.JavaScript on the other hand is booming both on client SproutCore, Backbone, Cappuccino, CoffeeScript, GWT and on server Node . JS is just more hackish today - browsers are evolving day-by-day, taking more and more functionality from server - RoR isn t key to success anymore, it has become just another alternative for your REST backend.
Thanks, that s always good to hear.
I have ample space available, but I have gotten so lazy in VR that I tend to confine myself to a chair or just a small place to stand. Teleport locomotion is my favorite. I really don t feel like I m missing a whole lot by not walking around much.
Syntax highlighting is primarily a read operation, and for that I suspect a plain buffer is going to have the advantage in speed since all the characters are contiguous and no pointer-chasing is required to read, unlike with the other data structures.
Nothing should ever autoplay because of a hover. The only acceptable use of hovering is to change the color of something to highlight it, without changing any layout. The only exception is if you ve already clicked and are engaging with a game or simulation inside a defined area.
Strange, I got a Continue reading option under the Subscribe button.
Often the error was caused by an intermittent problem, and trying again an hour later a day later does indeed work.As for developers, errors details may be separately logged elsewhere. So they don t need any specifics about the error from the user.Finally if you show error details to the user in production, it may lead to leaking sensitive information PII or system internals that may ease hacking .
He left Oculus Facebook a while back, and is now a contractor. Technically he s actually already out the door
I don t even have a problem with Netflix not reducing the price. It think they should take the hit in place of their customers, but whatever, if your problem right now is that you re paying for 4k and not getting it, suck it up.But really the praise for Netflix is a bit off tone - they re not making any sacrifice at all.
I ve been reading JavaScript Web Applications by Alex MacCaw and it provides a great introduction to MVC and a number of popular client-side frameworks. It also contains a ton of best practice advice for general JavaScript development. Definitely worth checking out.
It helps if you can let go of the top places. I ve done a PhD at a subtop institute, less well known, and I made a rule of not working in the weekend evening unless it was my own initiative, which was rarely , and I had a blast. I m doing a postdoc now at another subtop place, which will be the end of my academic career because getting tenure of course still requires more than average, which I m happy to admit I am.Joing a top institute is starting training with olympians most of us can t keep up, but that s fine. Join a local fitness club instead, and suddenly you can. You won t win medals, but you ll still learn a shit-ton, do good research and have fun.
In Oregon, we have this compilation far away from where I live, there is a Tam McArthur Rim, named for the author of the book interesting what you can learn from them. In western Oregon, largely settled by farmers and their families and so on, the names tend to be kind of boring like... quite literally Boring, Oregon and not very colorful .Elsewhere, with more miners and cowboys and so on, you had things like Jumpoff Joe Creek - probably recognizable to anyone who has driven up and down I5 through Oregon - and Whorehouse Meadow and Malheur Lake .Also interesting is the distribution of names for a small valley . Hollow, arroyo, draw, coulee, gulch, gully, etc...
The parent seems simpler. More importantly, it works on just about any Unix.
Oh indeed, and I didn t mean to imply otherwise. Most of what I know about it comes from their engineers explaining how they fight it and that includes my awareness of how catastrophic it would be if they did nothing and only used the original PageRank algorithm without compensating for it.
exceptions that are meant for the disabledThe cool thing about disability accommodations is that they re also super handy for the able-bodied, too.
My understanding is miners don t keep it at 100 utilization, because that is not energy efficient.
A better title would be lessons learned using a modern stack for healthcare.gov Very interesting post, thanks for sharing.
That s not really a fair critique.... You need that kind of thing on any platformThis is the boilerplate response to the valid complaint that Windows security is a nightmare. While in theory, other platforms Linux, BSDs, and idk, OS 400, OS 2, etc. technically can get infected by viruses, in practice, infection on these platforms would be a vanishingly rare oddity, even compared to the also incredibly rare cases of intrusion.That said, every major non-Windows platform in its default install configuration is inherently more secure than a Windows system that has had all of its known default security issues addressed, even those beyond what Windows Defender provides. Windows is not simply a more attractive target for malware authors because it is a more popular platform with a larger install base, it is a more popular target because it is inherently insecure, and we know it is inherently insecure because it would be foolish for anyone to run Windows and access the WWW without first addressing its security issues.It is possible, and likely even probable, that someone could use an unhardened, non-Windows system in its default install configuration for ordinary personal computing for years without ever experiencing the security threats that online Windows users face on a minute by minute basis.But to be fair to Windows, it honestly often is a turnkey solution to whatever office computing needs there be, and without it, information security, as an area of study, as a profession, and as an industry, would not even exist as we know it today. The fact of the matter is that Windows security issues and other issues Windows exhibits unrelated to security creates jobs, and this can not be ignored. Arguably, the jobs Windows creates are more important than the security issues it introduces. Also, to be fair, without C, C , .NET, Python, Perl, and JavaScript, Windows would probably be 90 more secure, so it is not all Microsoft s fault and, in a sense, some of the problem is beyond their control.
Go on....
Seeing the helpful replies actually warmed my stony heart.
Thank you for the clarification!
Target was good 5 years ago. These days they re pushing more and more items into same day delivery only with some gimmicky subscription service. No thanks - I m looking for a transaction, not a long term relationship. If you really want to charge for shipping, then reduce your prices so that the cost of shipping is no longer built in.And yeah, the marketplace cancer is everywhere. It s turned Amazon into trash, yet traditional companies seemingly can t help but follow in their footsteps. If I want to sort through vendor reputations for gensym-branded white label gadgets, I ll go to eBay or AliExpress.FWIW the Home Depot website is much faster if you use noscript to block all of their surveillance vendors. Probably the worst website I ve seen with regards to that - by default I think they backhaul all of your mouse movement.
Python for Desktop frenzyWat? The PyKDE binding were always an afterthought. The big KDE4 language bet was, guess what... javascript bindings, to build widgets. And then Ruby bindings, since Ruby had just exploded. Except web developers never cared for the Linux desktop, they are Mac users.If anything, python bindings allowed a generation of new distros like Mint to emerge, as sysadmin types could develop simple GUIs much faster and cheaper than if they had been forced to learn C C . The failure of established companies to capitalise on this is entirely their fault for example Maemo Meego refused to let Python apps on the Nokia store, and never even tried to push PyQt as their mobile story which would have predated the Swift Kotlin moves by almost a decade, giving them a fighting chance to get some developer mindshare .
I play popular songs on my keyboard on youtube. I ve never gotten a strike, but I have had some ContentID hits. I always enjoy that because it means I got pretty close.
I get it from all walks of life -- industry peeps, colleagues, academics, concerned friends and family.I didn t always have a rep -- the first step is the hardest in any journey, and the criticism was just as strong if not stronger back then. But, I was also a hardware guy in a software world. I m stubborn, idealistic, and a rule-breaker, so I didn t fit in to any traditional corporate roles no boss could manage me. That made it easier to walk out the door.The most bold critics were always VCs -- not ones that I met with because I needed investment or anything, just folks I would run into at conferences or do an odd job for as a mercenary. You d wrap up the job, and they d make some quip about how it s a shame I m wasting my talent in a lifestyle business and how I should consider finding some honest work at one of their companies. It was like some sort of weird negging tactic. I eventually learned to shrug it off but really, thought I was the only one who heard that term applied so pejoratively.Thankfully, I had a few lucky breaks, and I m very happy about where I m at. However, it helps that I found residence in a place with affordable public health care, a functional pension system, oodles of public housing, and low taxes. No way could I do what I m doing and also be so chill about my future without a functioning social safety net. Unfortunately, just move somewhere that suits your needs is not scalable advice I wish I had a more practical blueprint for others who want to do a lifestyle business, but I don t.
Google cache gives me a 404 maybe because mobile? . This works for me
All near-work affects eyes, so books too. You can look up near induced transient myopia on google scholar. I m on a slow connection, so I can t right now, sorry.
GetDataBack for NTFS with full scan should be able to recover files.
dead
And giving the OS printing subsystem the content the user wants to print requires thousands lines of code in Firefox. Thousands of lines of code many people don t need, while many others do. Just like with any other feature. My parents don t need bookmarks or even tabs, so should we get rid of them in Firefox?Btw. the screenshot tool of Windows can t capture a webpage properly, only the visible area.
And that is what I am trying to move to, because no two situations are exactly alike. Choose the correct weapon for the job.
domainporn
Speaking in generalities and of an ideal world Whatever computations you are making should be composed in such a way that distinct, reused computation types are implemented in units, perhaps conceptually one type of transformation per function. Each of these functions should be tested by a collection of unit tests which verify that it performs the correct computation on hard-coded, mock data, both good and bad, and that it fails when it should.In cases where multiple transformations are applied together and there is more complex behavior, the application should be designed so that those combinations of unit behaviors are done for a specific purpose, with a specific goal e.g. warp this image and then project its shadow you should have an integration test suite that verifies this more complex behavior performs the function it is supposed to. Here, you can probably be less strict about checking inputs since bad inputs should be covered by unit tests, but you should verify that there is proper error handling of multiple units failing.These should all run using mock data as part of your CI process, and no code should ever be merged that has failing checks new code should not be merged without code review verifying that testing of comprehensive.Finally, there should be a QA process that verifies the final product when being considered for release, using real data and manual validation, ideally with acceptance criteria in hand that was written before the code changes were begun.In the end, it shouldn t even really come down to trying to mock your APIs your abstractions should, if at all possible, be decoupled enough that they perform transformations of data that they are given, regardless of whether it came from another API or not - so instead of considering mocking the APIs you call the relevant functions with example data of the sort you receive from the APIs that will be actually used.
can you speak more to your findings that this paper is scientific?i find it frustratingly unscientific in regards to what i consider scientific investigation
How many 5-minute elevator rides have you taken? An elevator pitch should take 30 seconds or less.
Skip to the actual survey of economists Nearly two-thirds of the National Association for Business Economics members who participated in the August 2020 NABE Economic Policy Survey believe the U.S. economy continues to be in a recession that began last February, said NABE President Constance Hunter, CBE, chief economist, KPMG. Almost half the respondents expects inflation-adjusted gross domestic product to remain below its fourth-quarter 2019 level until the second half of 2022 or later. And 80 of panelists indicate there is at least a one-in-four chance of a double-dip recession. The panel is split in its view on Congress s fiscal response to the recession, with 40 calling the response insufficient, 37 indicating the response is adequate, and 11 saying it is excessive, Hunter continued. Nearly three out of four panelists believe the optimal size for the next fiscal package to be 1 trillion or greater, compared to 17 who favor a smaller package. More than three-quarters of panelists believe that the current stance of U.S. monetary policy is appropriate, the largest share holding this view since 2007, added Survey Chair Gregory Daco, chief U.S. economist, Oxford Economics. The majority of panelists 58 expects the federal funds rate range to remain unchanged at 0-0.25 , or even drop lower, by the end of 2021. Most participants 84 expect that the funds rate target will be higher by year-end 2022, but still within 100 basis points of where it is currently.
Chrome is quickly becoming the new IE. Browser demos are now frequently written and tested for the quirks and behavior of a single browser. and it s always Chrome This behavior people have been railing against for years is once again standard.
Subversion is the lowest common denominator and you ll end up using it sooner or later. You might as well learn it even if you expect to move to a DVCS later on.
I m not sure what you find honest about this behavior, but you re right that it isn t welcome on Hacker News.
Remember this?
Maybe it s my bias, and I m probably not educated about the deeper arguments on both sides of the PRISM case - but this article feels very off to me. The cynic in me feels like this is pure inner circle propaganda. He betrayed the cause of open government. Every time there is a leak like this, the powers that be close the circle of trust a little tighter. They limit debate a little more. So our choices are to quietly ignore the fact that the circles he speaks of have already closed beyond recognition - and are continuing to do so without our knowledge or consent. We re obviously not involved in the debate in the fist place - so it seems to me that we have nothing to lose - at least out in the open we can actually watch the circle of trust close.
This has no safety benefit, since generics are resolved at compile timeIt s not only safety. That s why C concepts were invented.
EXTREMELY passive-aggressiveThat s not passive-aggressive, that s straight up aggressive! You are wasting my time, and yours You are not making any sense You are being unreasonable and stubborn. I don t like that You have been wrong, confused and rude and the worst of all You have not been a good user . WHAT??
And you know what? Eventually that changed. It takes time. The approach the left has been taking lately is to make sweeping changes that a lot of people aren t comfortable with RIGHT NOW OR ELSE YOU RE A BIGOT AND YOU DESERVE TO HAVE YOUR LIFE RUINED. For a large portion of the population it was just too much, too fast and they had enough.Well, that s the social side of it. The rest of the election was about economic factors.
Was a weird trend? They ve doubled-down. There are now Chief Diversity Officers.Yep. Most companies were hiring Chief Diversity Officer types to inoculate themselves from the mob. Instead, the people they hired are leading the mob.They basically let the vampire in.
I strongly disagree. The dominant failure modes of electronics these days are A solder joint failure thermal cycling B capacitor failure sustained heat .Electromigration is a distant, end-of-life condition-- representing only a tiny fraction of failures of non-overvolted devices in a normal use period.As your link itself says, in the top answer But then there is an important question How much does this decrease the lifespan? Knowing this, should you make sure that your graphics card stays cool all the time? My guess is no, unless an error was made at the design stage. Circuits are designed with these worst-case situations in mind, and made such that they will survive if they are pushed to the limits for the rated lifetime of the manufacturer.
I think the people who disagree with this reply should explain their reasoning.You re in public on an aircraft, you have no reasonable expectation of privacy. The people around you, including the airline s staff, can listen to your conversations see you.I m not even arguing legally, even just in terms of common sense, everything you do or say is isn t private in those circumstances. So a camera being there regardless of if it is used isn t moving the needle either direction.
Location NYC Remote Yes Willing to relocate Yes Technologies Primarily python for scientific numerical programming numpy, scipy Strong machine learning background pandas, scikit-learn, imblearn Experience in text analysis, topic modelling, LSA with NLP gensim, NLTK, spacy SQL and distributed systems Hadoop, AWS experience Some experience with web programming in Flask and javascript I have a background in Astronomy Ph.D. and Data Science and am looking for work that has a strong focus on successfully building and executing machine learning pipelines but I m open to data science data engineering generalist roles as well. A combination of the two would be ideal! Résumé CV nityamd gmail.com
Umm.. FANMAG pay the same comp for NY and SF. Roughly the same for Seattle too.
OsmocomBB is not the way, what they have is a patchset over closed source GSM firmware, they merely patch DSP firmware on the baseband to bend it a little.but we already have open source GSM LTE implementations, everything is ready from the hardware various SDRs , thru baseband openbts, to whole network controllers like openbsc
Specific subreddits or focused forums like HN with good moderation.
With Java I ve seen an increasing problem with programming style in large projects because of it s kitchen sink support of so many paradigms.Java is pretty much the purest classic class-based OOP language of all industrially-significant languages. It has constructs inspired by those from other paradigms, especially FP, transposed into a class-based OOP context, but it s pretty much the last language I d point it as suffering or benefiting from support of so many paradigms .
Yes, this is covered in OP s link if you scroll down. Here is a link directly to the relevant section
Exactly. When I think of lifestyle businesses, the examples that come to mind are dentist offices, hair salons, and family restaurants. Usually the customers personally know the owner, and the business thrives because of it, but it s impossible to scale.
Could you please stop posting uncivil and or unsubstantive comments here? We ban accounts that keep doing that.
You have missed both points entirely.You re assuming that there are free market conditions here i.e. competition - there are not. Not even close. Free market ideals such as competition and innovation are not the issues here, because a there is no free market and b we re talking about mass media, which is really not about innovation . 1 is a very legitimate issue. To control the mass media, is to control a nation, this is not a new world order concept, it s as old as time.The CCP maintains it s power in China due to it s control over the media, not the army. By suppressing any and all information against them, and controlling all of the messaging people hear, and of course limiting outside access, you can effectively control people.Media is a protected industry everywhere. Tell me who owns the main media outlets in Sweden? Germany? UK? USA? They are almost universally domestically owned and operated - when they are not Rupert Murdoch even then it creates problems.The very existence of the BBC, CBC Canada , ABC Australia speaks to this.Imagine if the CCP itself wanted to buy NBC News. Would we allow that? No.It s not a lite argument to say security can be used for anything, after all any excuse can be used to validate something. 1 is real.As far as 2 - you re crossing streams.China has a completely unlevel playing field vis-a-vis the US in many markets. CCP controls monetary policy, industrial policy, major banks and most major industry players. This is not allowed in free trade, because it means the CCP will do things like require large banks to subsidize solar panel makers to produce surplus to dump on US markets and put US players out of business . This is not a hypothetical - it happened.China doesn t allow foreign competitors in so many markets foreign entities must be 51 China owned. They must have CCP officials working at the company to force CCP oversight. They must censor information, provide data to the CCP. Foreign entities must hand over IP to the CCP so they can give it to competitive entities. China puts up all sorts of non-market barriers to competition.So when we talk about number 2 - the US, in order to provide a fair trade scenario, should effectively apply the very same policies.So imagine 1 Chinese companies cannot operate in the US unless 51 US ownership. 2 They must employ GOP CIA FBI internally in order to effectuate US strategic policy, censorship. 3 Chinese companies must hand over source code and IP, so the US can give it to local companies while the US holds up Chinese competitor in red tape. 4 US government takes control of the Fed, major banks, and provides massive subsidies to Cisco, and subsidizes Ciscos sales internationally with extremely good financing terms. 5 US government uses industrial espionage to grab Chinese IP and invest in local companies, for example, stealing all Huawei s designs etc., copying them, and creating a company to compete with them etc..Those would be tit for tat policies implying fair trade between the US and China.Your comments about concerns over competitiveness are actually way, way further down the pile of issues.As I say, national security is reason enough for the ban.After that, there are a host of fair trade issues that should be applied.Only then does it even make sense to start worrying about the more strategic competitive issues, because until then there is no market based competition.
In general, the kindest people will be the ones who have the maturity to not be offended
I wasn t really trying to imply the typo, but used it as a comedic device to make an iPhone VR unfunny
I don t know if it is the correct interpretation, but I read it as the countries of origin of the spices.
I answered above - but the tl dr is to check out r PlexShares.
They re both domains, I m asking why should they be treated differently, just because they re at different levels.The reason given was that the context was too broad, but so is the commercial context across the whole world.If Amazon should have the second level domain because it s the most well know association of the word at the commerce level, then why shouldn t it be given the top level domain if it has the most well known association of the word, period?
I guess, the law may also be in conflict with EU law rulings contracts. Aggregator companies outside Spain have an advantage over those within the spanish jurisdiction. So those spanish companies can call the European Court to fight the spanish law.
I wonder if these actions will have the opposite effect. China will only more invest into producing their own. And I think we should not underestimate them. Could be good for competition though.
This was a good video! I d never seen Scalia speak, and he s very compelling - I think he would have been a good teacher. Unfortunately, while the gridlock between senate and house is good at stopping progress benefitting the vulnerable, it has been less successful in stopping progress benefitting moneyed interests. This is perhaps because the jobs of both house and senate representatives depend so much on securing funding for their next campaign. Or maybe it s simply because most legislators personally benefit from such legislation, being moneyed themselves. Whatever the cause, the result resembles an oligarchy.
Norway gives 14 weeks for the mother, 14 weeks for the father, and then either 49 weeks or 59 weeks to be allocated freely between the parents.If you choose 49 weeks, all of the leave is at 100 of salary. If you choose 59 weeks, the leave is at 80 of salary.
The SMS point is part of why moving to FIDO keys is a good idea - the NFC enabled ones work with modern smartphones and allow you to login.As for lost luggage, I carry mine on my keychain, another one in the laptop itself USB-C Yubikey and one in my safe at home - if all three are ever destroyed or lost I also have backup codes available as password protected notes on several devices.
This is an interesting idea, but like most things it s just going to age.You can use an LLM to extract and summarize data from your social media.
I don t think people talking about a negative income tax are aligned behind it being non refundable.
There s I haven t tried it out yet, but looks very promising .
Yeesh.
When I was disassembling roms for the Cinematronics vector arcade games I ran across a very interesting function to draw a 7 segment digit. The caller would set a starting position which would be at the middle left vertex, and a delta dx, dy with dy equal to the digit width and dx 0. It would then either draw to or move to current position plus dx,dy . Then it would swap dx and dy and optionally flip their signs. The sign flipping is done conditionally based on a bit mask same for every digit and the draw move option depended on the digit to display. From that center point it would go up, right, down, left, down, right, up, right. IIRC that final right move could leave it at a decent location to start the next digit, but I think in practice that would leave too much space. An odd algorithm with very little state, which was important when you only have 256 12-bit words of memory.
If you are on a tight budget then maybe you are eligible for the startup discount. Phusion offers this discount as a genuine effort to help cash-strapped startups and students. The Phusion Passenger website has more info.
You can say it was just a bad decision to pick up a feather from the ground. But that s still illegal. The magic of statutory laws.
He s not referring to Nintendo though. He s clearly talking about the online reception and narrative.Furthermore, he notes that he regrets it and takes full responsibility I acted alone and stupidly.
Sounds like a good fit for Cloudflare s R2 and see if they keep their word .
This won t download for me but I was able to get it quickly here
It s probably bad editing. I d guess that the original sentence made sense, but they changed the end without going back to change the beginning. It happens often when writers and editors are in a hurry.
Using a single ephemeral instance with request response mechanics as a kind of load balancer for messages. Publishers have persistency so it is not needed in the queue. 120Mb of memory usage and The real allure was the guarantee that only one subscriber would get a request much like a traditional load balancer. The performance was an added benefit.When we put it together a few years ago the cloistering wasn t very mature and the streaming version with persistence wasn t completed. Would look into this over kafka if only for the simplicity in management and track record of go for performance and reliability.
So back in the heyday of Fortran II, it did work on smaller computers.One key frustration I had with Fortran II was that you couldn t put expressions in the elements of a DO loop. Nobody could tell me why.So I bought a book on compilers and dove in. I ported got the XPL compiler to run on our SIGMA 5 and actually used it in some production jobs. Then, I got a job at Sycor on a team of 3 writing a compiler for a derivative of PL M targeting the 8085. The compiler was written in Bliss 36. Was serious fun and had major impact on how they developed their software.I have long left Fortran behind. I have many other languages under my belt now, and no desire to revisit.
Badminton is a great sport that requires lot of thinking and very fast movements and physical strength . I wish more people start playing that
Jobs outside academia exist which encourage further education, or which are adjunct to academia. So, data science in government, or government funded industry, or in an industry like civil engineering where people have a CPD obligation.My employer in the NFP sector pays msc and phd fees, if not the full costs of study.
So apsies are just jerks? right.I can t see how packaging insults as a solution improves anything.
I think so and this is true about music as well as other arts.
iOS freelancer 6 years of exp, Swift, Objective-C
Better off just closing your laptop then, as most sites rely heavily on JavaScript.
There s a top-heavy concentration of ownership from the information that s been disclosed. Satoshi Nakamoto s ownership is pegged at 1.5 mln bitcoins Chamath Palihapitiya and Social Capital own about 5 of all bitcoins out there , so 600,000 BTC as of today Winklevoss twins have disclosed ownership of roughly 200,000 BTC when filing for a Bitcoin ETF
Single-threaded in a multicore world is nice? Implicit type coercion on par with PHP is nice? Implicit var args are nice??? That s the worst part by far . I would choose pretty much any non-shell mainstream programming language over JavaScript for a program with results I care about that is, a useful program . Throwing a bag of syntactic sugar ES6 on a rotten language is meaningless.
They re exactly the same filesystem operations, it s just the semantics of why they re being installed that changes.What frustrates me about updates is that they nag at log-in when I ve already been waiting for the computer to boot and just want to get on with the task at hand.
What people fail to understand is that Uber, Lyft and co are much more than the Taxi market. They are in the transportation business.People like me that would never have taken a taxi in San Fancisco use these services. They are creating new markets.When you really think of it, car ownership for a majority of the people is really silly as most cars are idle 90 of the time.Car manufacturers should be afraid because once Uber, Lyft and Co start a subscription business pay a fixed amount monthly for a generous travel distance monthly fewer people we see any reason to own cars.That will be a good thing.
So what you mean to say is that that activity makes up a much smaller part of those markets?
The US government, imperfect as it is, is democratically elected by US citizens.Because of so much social media influencing, this is very much up for debate at this time from those that have been heavily influenced. That s just one example of how all of the social influence is just not good for society at large.
4 Podiums were invented by some sadist who hates introverts.The same goes for the more modern laptop that is being use to display the presentation. Hiding behind that can be a very easy trap to fall into.
The exaggerated response time example was for a typical usecase. The amount of situations where there is actually 60fps rendering going on and necessary are few and far between. Most browser usage is of fairly static content. Especially in the case of a mouse click, when you expect something to change on the screen and almost everything in that change will depend on something much slower than the simple IPC call if that even happens of tranferring the mouse click event. Splitting things up between multiple processes can slow things down if done badly, and can also bring tremendous speedups if done right. I assume the folks at Mozilla know what they re doing.And yes, I m ignoring memory usage for now. Mostly because it is a horribly complex thing, especially in multi-process situations. The numbers are notoriously difficult to interpret between working set, commit charge, shared memory, memory mapped file IO. Unless you re actually debugging the code or an expert, it s basically just guesswork. Mozilla have improved Firefox s general memory footprint significantly these past few years and they re not going to throw those advancements away easily. Again, I trust them to know what they re doing.As I said before, I ll reserve judgement on e10s until I get to experience it in daily use. All I will say in advance is that the premise and the stated goals make a lot of sense to me and it seems like a highly desirable technology.
There is a very big difference between working from home, an working from home while caring for a child. Most WFH policies only allow the former.
The advantage of pg_vector is that you don t need a second, specialised database and you also don t need to synchronise data.It makes much more operational sense to use pg_vector if your use case can be implemented tha way.
One of the weird critisisms I ve heard and reflected in your first link is but the reproduced study had some slight difference . If a slight difference can make an effect disappear then it s not such an interesting or general effect as the original study claimed to show! Why didn t they already test for the effect of slight differences themselves?
If anyone from the project is reading this, the multiple misspellings or typos featured prominently on your website make it look very amateurish imo . Between You deserve better then YAML , autotomatically escaped , and other weird phrasing, this doesn t really inspire confidence.
I figured, but with the Most HN comment meme and Poe s law providing context, it can be hard to be sure someone isn t suggesting something a bit more... extreme.
From the UK I was about 15, in 1993, when I managed to convince my parents to buy me a modem. I used to use it out of hours when phone calls were cheaper. Nevertheless, I think I managed to rack up a 200 phone bill in the first month or so.Eventually I started running my own BBS, which would only become available at 8pm and come offline at 8am. If I remember correctly, I called it The Graveyard . I had a steady stream of callers on the single line that it shared with the home phone. I would often chat to them via Sysop Chat whilst simultaneously talking to friends nearby over CB radio.When I wasn t doing that, I was calling into all sorts of odd places - hacker boards one of which I was thrown off for asking if there was a non-colour version, l4mer , me on my Commodore PC20-III - some cyberpunk boards including the CyberCafe in London , and Ooh! , on which I remember being repeatedly propositioned on various insalubrious chat groups, when I wasn t reading posts about Babylon 5 on Fidonet. On another I learned about raves happening vaguely nearby.The whole thing was a wonderful, glorious chaotic mess. It felt like exploring a mysterious universe which was growing and mutating every day, full of infinite possibilities, and of course it was much better than what we have these days.
It s not like the UK is a paragon of freedom of expression.
to defeat this othering and reduce stigma, clinical practice needs to move away from biogenetic causal languageThis is a pretty big assertion that the piece casually drops without backing. The reasoning as to why chemical imbalance is a bad descriptor is apparent from the study 0 the author cites, but there is nothing that backs up this statement, which seems to be the crux of the whole piece. Even the study cited about placebo affects on depression doesn t _really_ prove the author s point that chemical imbalance is a bad term, it just proves that we do not yet understand the processes by which drugs treat depression. If we do not understand the processes, how can the author make the assertion that the characterization they are against is wrong? At most, they could claim we don t know yet but certainly not that chemical imbalance is categorically false. 0
Interestingly, a few years back with D D 4th Edition, there were a lot of new players coming from the video game side of the house. And not just the stereotypical nerds. As a friend lamented once, You know, I get that you play these games. But why are my frat brothers playing D D? A lot of popular RPG video games are either based directly on a tabletop system or get a tabletop system made for them. In the latter case, it s often an easier game to get into the Dragon Age RPG is a good example than some of the more standard tabletop systems. And then there s Cortex and Cortex which exists pretty much just to turn movie tv shows into RPGs.
Rather, it s Inductive Programming and more specifically Inductive Logic Programming ILP , which is learning programs from examples, i.e. incomplete specifications . I m not familiar with the General Program Synthesis Benchmark Suite, but the problem you list test three strings are ordered by length is trivial for ILP approaches.The General Program Synthesis Benchmark Suite works from input-output examples, not complete, formal specifications .How would you tackle this with ILP? However, I have to say that even so, if something is a difficult problem for program synthesis approaches, then it s very unlikely that neural networks will do any better at it. For instance, do you know how well deep neural nets perform on this benchmark?I m not aware of any serious at-scale attempts. Your option is basically to try few-shot with GPT-3.OTOH, learning these trivial programs from 100 examples is a largely artificial framing used to support a field which hadn t worked its way up to meaningful problems, and in the more general sense, large networks are promising eg. the GitHub-trained GPT any of the GPT-3 programming demos These approaches are still state of the art for their respective tasks and there is no other approach that has been shown to do any better, including deep neural networks. In what sense are they no longer more than briefly and tangentially relevant as you say? if you re interested in learning AI These techniques were invented from the field of AI, but that does not mean they remain in the field of AI. You clearly have a strong opinion on GOFAI and the AI winter of the 80s, but what knowledge does this opinion come from? Can you say?I can argue why ML approaches are good and promising and point at that. I can argue why ML approaches make conceptual sense whereas GOFAI does not, though I don t see us resolving that short-term so I d rather not. But what I can t so easily do is point to the non-existence of GOFAI AI successes. It s just not there.You do have tools Watson and WolframAlpha which use GOFAI techniques for fact search over a large set of human-built knowledge repositories trivia q s math tools , but Watson is mostly considered a stunt, and I m not aware of anyone calling WolframAlpha AI. the ability for reasoning despite big claims to the contrary The nebulousness of the term reasoning is pulling a lot of weight here. It s clearly doing sophisticated computations of some sort, beyond brute memorization. or arithmetic ditto are more examples too, this is just addressing the one point people get wrong most often. BPEs are an interim performance hack, not an indictment on the approach in general. or generation of novel programsIs clearly false. For instance, the append example you show above is clearly memorised you haven t given the model any examples of append , so it can t possibly learn its definition from examples.This is true, but it s mostly just an artifact of me having to prompt it through FitnessAI. Unlike smaller models, few-shot learning works, it just takes more space than I have to prompt with.See the GitHub-trained example for something that integrates with more arbitrary code. There are many other examples, like the database prompt below all bold is human input , or see some of the examples I linked above. I can askQ If z str str str z for example, z dumbell dumbell dumbell z , and g str k str j then what is g run ? A g run k run j The inverse problem doesn t work so well, giving g str k run j for one example valid but vapid and g str k str j for two close but no banana , and confusion for more complex prompts, though I suspect the format is partially to blame. I can list other failure cases. But my point isn t that GPT-3 is reliable here it s a language model. btw, why do you need to give it the list a ? What happens if this is ommitted from the prompt?That example was from me trying to emulate an example I saw on Twitter I ve since lost, which was a similar thing but multi-step, where each step GPT-3 returned all three lists, modified or queried per the given commands.Omitting a , I getQ b lifting , curls , squats , c running , jogging , so what is b after b.append pushups ? A lifting,curls,squats,pushups I had to change the prompt a bit because initially the result was truncated FitnessAI is not made for this , or said b.append pushups will add the string pushups to the end of b. , which is correct but not what I wanted.Few-shot would fix formatting inconsistencies right now the model is just guessing.
to ship modern OS Amazon s customizations are purportedly deeper and better then Honeycomb. Proof will be in the pudding of course but if you were doing a significant fork you can t just keep restarting over and over to incorporate everything Google is doing too.
Interesting results. Thanks for sharing them!Why is S3 so important for file distribution? Couldn t you do about the same with some cheap shared hosting?
You need to see what the permission means within the behavior of similar permissions, and that is written in application guidelines for iOS devices. Here s one way that this app violates the guidelines, hence does something unexpected with the permission 17. Privacy17.1 Apps cannot transmit data about a user without obtaining the user s prior permission and providing the user with access to information about how and where the data will be used
As a streamer I would say that a streamer should never act as if no one is watching. Many viewers never feel like chatting and that s fine. And sometimes people will watch vods after the fact. For myself, I purposely disable the metrics so that my mood can t be affected by viewership numbers.
Changing the definition of anonymous to include pseudonymous is not a compelling argument that anonymity is the same as pseudonomity.
Good luck with your venture.Not sure why no one mentions OFX when doing these comparisons. Their rates are good and I don t recall pay any fees on top of them. When I looked into this year ago seemed much cheaper than Wise.
Technically VS Code is a browser. If you open about, you ll see its Chrome. That means you can write code inside browser. Also there are things like Jupyter and AWS Cloud9.
You re embarrassingly confused my best guess is that you re thinking of gifts.We re talking about licensing, and MIT-licensed open source projects as well trial periods are both absolutely fine and used.
There are very real structural problems in the US economy. Look anywhere and you ll find them.
Aren t news organizations supposed to put an updated timestamp on edits anyways?
support the idea of a safe place for JewsMake a safe space for them in America or Europe. Don t occupy and rape foreign lands.
This happens to me too. I think mine s caused by mindshare. Whatever is currently in mind always leads to next things to do so there s a natural continuity.One trick is to stop working on what you re currently doing but leaving the obvious next step not done. Then when you re doing the other thing, you ll have that undone thing in the back of your mind to get back to. It also makes it so much easier to get started on the other thing because it s ready-to-go .Another trick is to incrementally setup up pieces in the other thing for what needs to be done next. No matter how big the task is, getting things ready to start a big task is a bunch of little things. You keep going back and forth between the thing that you re doing and setting up bits of the other thing. At some point, you ll realize that everything s ready to go and you re already doing it without realizing you ve started.
There is no but. It can do the job period.And no, I don t use it either.
This exact same thing happened with my grandmother. My dad s brother is a scumbag and took it upon himself to spend her money while ostensibly taking care of her the kind of care you d expect from abusive alcoholic . My dad wanted my grandmother to actually spend her money on an elderly care facility, because she would have been much happier there among people as opposed to being essentially alone for the last 15 years of her life. But, her social reticence and my uncle s persistent guilt tripping kept her at home. It s a little hard to prove over the internet who was right or wrong in these cases, but I assure everyone that I could tell a few stories about my uncle that would leave absolutely no doubt.
A lot of people write Tcl as if it were C or Bash without understanding the language or its philosophy. That, unfortunately, leads to badly written code like that you ve seen
Outside of dogs and cats, vaccinations are likely off label anyways. A vet would say This mink is 4kg, I ll give it the dosing for a 4kg cat.
The issue with rebalancing is that it often has tax implications if you aren t careful. You have to weigh the benefits of rebalancing with the tax loss. It works in tax deferred accounts but, at least in the US, a significant percentage of people do not have material access to such accounts.
The more likely outcome if a court case found against a convention is that the convention would be rendered bankrupt and simply shut down.
Why would your data structure make that easy to do?Reversing a string merely indicates the problem. There are many cases for operating on graphemes instead of code points. For example, deleting the previous grapheme in a text editor when pressing backspace delete. I think most programmers assume they re dealing with graphemes when they re actually dealing with code points. See, for example, the rune type in Go.
Do they let GIMP through?
He explains that this is for refactoring.As others have said, I d therefor expect this to be a purely compile-time feature that just inserts the name of the reference within. The whole reason for this keyword seems to be that you have no string foo but a reference name instead foo . Which can be picked up easily by tools.
The Fed is buying assets at a premium otherwise counterparties wouldn t sell the assets to the Fed That s not necessarily true, economic transactions aren t necessarily zero-sum. I would assume for most of the assets being sold to the Fed, the banks need liquid cash more than they need the asset and so would be willing to take a haircut. The only way this ends is either a depression the scales of which we ve never seen in history before ... , or a hyperinflationary collapse of the U.S. dollarWhy specifically do you think this will happen now when it didn t happen post 2008? Sure the scale so far seems bigger, but also the scale of the hit the real economy is taking is much bigger. And, in March, when some of these asset purchases had already started, CPI declined by 0.4 .
Google Flights lack inventory as they are powered by a GDS so anyone not filing to that GDS will be missing and to get their incredible speed they cache and calculate prices which results in frequent pricing misses as well.
Hebrew is a much broader linguistic phenomenon than just modern Hebrew. Hebrew existed as a spoken language thousands of years ago and has existed continuously since then in many different forms in different Jewish communities primarily as a liturgical language.Modern Hebrew or probably Israeli Hebrew would be more accurate was then constituted as a vernacular fairly recently as part of the Zionist project of creating a new national identity, distinct from the existing identities of the Jewish populations would emigrated to Israel.
implying the stereotype that autistic people aren t good leaders.
Just noticed this when I tried to read usenet... is also down server just says 404.
They require you to submit your credit card information even for the free tier . No thanks.
Example vision comes in from the optic nerve warped and upside down and as small patches of high resolution captured by the eyes zigzagging across the visual field saccades , all of which is assembled and integrated into a coherent field of vision by our trusty old grey blob.
Congrats! Love to see more and more of these stories. Is this a trend lately to see more companies going for cash-flow at the outset?
I remembered my experience learning Go reading Go language spec for about 2 hours and start being productive. That is not quite possible with other languages, I am afraid.
I feel like you didn t read the article, since your comment doesn t address anything from the article itself.In this particular case, the engine anti-ice system needs to be turned off within 5 minutes of icing conditions going away. The pilots union has said they are concerned about this. There needs to be a better system than that. The problem is there s no alert or indication to the crew that the system needs to be turned off. They just have to remember to do it.
Interesting that it s tied in with McKinsey Co.Without having dug into it much, I quite like it. There are definitely a lot of resources out there to learn, and - regardless of how true it is - feeling like a resource is the _right_ one for you probably helps.
I wonder what the search story is. One technology that really does deliver, and has totally impressed me, is Lucene ElasticSearch. I m used to all sorts of hyperbolic claims, but holy shit, ElasticSearch just delivers. We tossed in about 40M documents from a SQL Server DB, and not only did it require less resources a 30 ? reduction in size , the queries are beyond anything that d be approachable using SQL Server. And I ve only touched the surface, using it as a pure plug-n-play setup.With DocumentDB, not having a local version severely limits what I d consider this for. Losing that flexibility is a big deal. Maybe this is just a limited preview and they haven t build the management side for local installs.
As a former Scottish person I m familiar with mildew. But never come across it in countless Airbnb and Vrbo rentals. I do carefully read reviews, and I don t rent places with no or very few reviews. Never rent a place that has no picture of the toilet.
You may want to consider German-based Tutanota who uses open-source cryptography, rather than some alternatives such as Swiss-based ProtonMail who use a combination of open-source and proprietary closed-source cryptography.Failing that, head on over to and check out alternatives and other related information.
Have to ? That s a strong phrase. I don t have to do anything. I can filter the content delivered to me however I want. There s no EULA, no TOU, that lays down a quid pro quo of content for ads. Nobody has ever made the claim that they posses ownership of your attention. I think you misunderstand the entire advertising business then. It is the selling of impressions of some slice of attention , else it would have no value. If I am under no obligation to view an ad then I am under no obligation to have an ad made viewable to me, period.As for the term suffering , way to derail an argument with semantics. That term was chosen because it fits in with the typical puritanical worldview of having to earn anything good by paying for it with toil. There s no value to me being even the slightest bit inconvenienced by an ad, zero. It s just an artifact of a broken accounting system and I refuse to let it rule over me like some bizarre kafkaesque daydream.I support content creators. I pay for content. I do my part.I spent 20 years looking at ads on the web. I m done.
Perhaps by misrepresenting the blog post s argument, the comment is reinforcing the blog post s point about the importance of reading primary sources.
It s not only non-techsavy customers that are to blame.There actually seems to be a trend amongst some corporations for example ISPs telcos of a certain size to hide their phone number as well as possible. They d rather route requests through an online ticketing system that is often of questionable value to the person requiring support. Usually you can find it somewhere in their impressum, but when you click on anything called contact or support you end up in a maze.A Google search usually does it, but the phone number really should be easily available from the website.
Off course you are being downvoted. HN sucks sometimes.
For instance, it s not illegal for me to take naked pics of someone in their houseIs it true?
Sounds like you need some therapy first.
Why not index preprints, which are generally available via OAI harvesting?I m not following the field closely at the moment, but I m pretty sure PLOS at least has an OAI interface too.
What made you randomly post Dwarf Fortress now with this undescriptive and confusing title? Very peculiar.
And yet they haven t. The past two decades haven t been indicative of runaway warming with feedback loops, but just a paltry 0.1C decade trend.If what you say is true, you should be able to pull up a model published in 2002 or 2012 and analyze its predictions from the observations.That s science. A model is only as good as its performance against reality, and the truth is, 98 of the models in the IPCC analysis from one and two decades ago overshot in their predictions.
On Food and Cooking is a fantastic book.
There s a transaction cost in either direction.If you buy a call option, the market-maker buys stock to hedge it. That moves the underlier, and raises the price of the call option he just sold. The reverse is true if you sell a call or buy a put .Not only that, but there is a cost for all the people and computers that your order touches as it gets executed.Without price impact from transactions, markets can t be efficient, because new information has to get priced into the market somehow.
If I say Dyson and you re in the UK, you think of vacuumsAs a British national, I always called that category of cleaning device hoovers sufficiently nerdy to think Sphere whenever the name Dyson comes up, but I m sure that to most normal people even Dyson sphere will mean one of these rather than a K2 civilisation
I would second this recommendation. Learning enough LaTeX to typeset a whole book effectively will take some doing, but the effort is well worth it.Apart from dragoncity s recommendations, these are also good places to start edit rather than clog this thread with a ton of links, I ve decided to put them all in to a separate page which you can view here
What I find ironic is that analysts who are sitting in this room will criticize this company while typing out that criticism on a BlackBerry, one shareholder said to laughs from the audience, And I think that that s the most self-serving, most despicable activity on this planet, he said.Read more
usually there s only a few open positions. after a long process of phone screens and on-sites, you might have five viable candidates but only two slots at that particular time. if you would have been happy to hire any of the remaining three if the first two didn t accept your offer, you might encourage them to apply again later.
Well I do and it crosses my mind often how much I could travel on a 3500 month budget DBut anywhere you are, foregoing a home base makes travel a lot more affordable.
The FP16 7B version runs on my Ubuntu XPS with 32GB memory, 300ms token. 13B also works but results aren t really good the model will loop after a few sentences so parameters probably need tuning.So far I m unable to reliably generate outputs in a different language than English, the model will very quickly start to translate even if it s not asked or just switch to English.
In the EU, or any country with strong privacy protection legislation, data of this sort is a liability.
Too soon.
You could always write Monads in C...
I don t agree with Israel censoring websites, but important to keep in mind Al Jazeera is run by Qatar which is a monarchy without real freedom of the press, it s not CNN. They have strong regional interests and an obvious desire to shape the narrative of the conflict. They re not humanitarians.
they could but not in under 30 days.
It s an idea that s easy to dismiss as yet another journal do we really need so many specialized journals when online, gold access journals scale so well - possibly full of quackery - but seeing that Peter Singer a timeless ethics scholar as founder and editorial board makes me want to keep an eye on this space.
That statement from the ACCC says that informed consent cannot be reached as Google spelled out neither the changes, nor how the data would be used.It doesn t actually go into the question of how much information is needed for informed consent, just that as things happened, there was not enough.Informed consent itself actually has a legal definition in regards to the laws the ACCC acts upon, so it might be useful to spell that one out as well Informed consent means that a person a is provided with appropriate and adequate information b is capable of understanding the nature of the information and the consequences of a decision made in relation to this information c can freely make decisions without unfair pressure or influence from others.
Some people still don t think humans landed on the moon. This is not a battle over facts. It s a war.The real problem is that people will torture a fact, like a PoW, until it ll tell any story they want it to tell. Even if that story has no basis except for delusion of the torturers.
I m writing this from memory, so some details may be wrong but most high end ssds have dram caches on board, with a capacitor that maintains enough charge to flush the cache to flash in case of power failure. This operates below the system page cache that is standard for all disks and oses.Apple doesn t do this, and use their tight integration to perform a similar function using system memory. So there is some technical justification, I think. They are 100 price gougers though.
Such a bummer. The only people who deserve to die like this are the writers of web hijackers and viruses, multiple times.This guy was someone who promoted time at home to be part of the kids growing up, something most dads miss out on, still.
Realistically, what makes most entrepreneurs entrepreneurial is a reliable safety net provided by personal money. It is easy ier to take risks when your health care, housing, food and the other basis of survival do not depend on guaranteed success.
The statement keep the money here assumes that the money was the US to begin with. But it wasn t, it was foreign earnings through sale of products. And US companies should spend it how they see fit, ideally to drive further growth. That will likely involve sending some away again. But in an economically half-rational world that will drive a multiplier effect that will drive further growth
If I was actively seeking a new job, I can say with 99 certainty that I would have left with one. However I m in a place where the startup movement has inspired me to try something on my own. If things don t work out I ve got some great companies to contact.
Are you aware of solutions like Alicevision Meshroom MPLv2 ?
Paribus I ve never heard of you. I don t know what you do. You have no link to your website on your blog.
Are they really open tho? or hibernated? Keeping hundreds of active open tabs was something Opera up to 12.x could do every additional tab instance took something like 2-10MB by itself ram for assets . FF Chrome simply run out of memory very quickly.
Not every product that loses money qualifies as a loss leader.
The changes have been committed as far as I can see and refused with absurd explanation IMHO, but check yourself, it s only my opinion.What I know for sure, because it s public, is that AirVPN forked only after a long harsh? public debate on the commits with the main branch maintainer.I can see bug fixes summarized in the changelog, look at Changelog 3.3.2 AirVPN - Release date 10 October 2019 . Then look at the fixes in the code the AirVPN developers are indeed right as far as I can see, without those fixes the library could have never worked and the main branch still does not work! in Linux.I wonder whether AirVPN would have forked were those commits accepted. Surely they forked only after some time the commits were there, available, as a precious gift IMHO, but still refused without any serious analysis.
In Rust you can usually use iterators to avoid bounds checks. This is idiomatic and the fast way to do things, so usually when using Rust you don t worry about this at all.But, occasionally, you have some loop that can t be done with an iterator, AND its part of a tight loop where removing a single conditional jump matters to you. When that matters it is a real easy thing to use an unsafe block to index into the array without the check. The good news is then at least in your 1 million line program, the unsafe parts are only a few lines that you are responsible for being sure are correct.
The enemy sees that someone using Tor exit node E is accessing Microsoft using user id XYZ and they can infer that other traffic coming out of exit node E is also more likely than average to be from the owner of Microsoft account XYZ.Obviously, the enemy may know more about the owner of Microsoft account XYZ for example, they may know the name you typed when registering it or, if you login to the same account from your home internet connection, they may know that it is the same person that had assigned IP I at time T and may thus know that it is the same person that the ISP who was assigned the IP address block containing IP I claimed presented ID stating he was Mr X to the ISP as part of subscribing to the ISP.This means that between accessing the Microsoft account XYZ and doing other things that you don t want to be associated to the owner of Microsoft account XYZ, you should use the New Identity button in Tor Browser, or use a separate machine or Tor Browser instance. Of course you cannot know which services reveal your user id to your enemies, so you should always do that regardless of whether the service is known to send it in plain text or not.
You don t have to go outside the industry, or even the company. Apple computers from the start of the company up to the early 21st century are often still functional to this day and most were modular and easy to repair. Likewise, you can install modern Linux kernels on PCs and Macs going back to something like the i486 from 1989, and even supported versions of Windows can be installed on PCs that are 20 years old.The market for mobile phones is abnormally dysfunctional.
It ll be interesting to see who ends up on the show. Will DHH be there?
True. Granted, the marketing material that I saw was 20 years ago, and the recording was still done with videotape. One product would superimpose a text feed of the register tape on the video, so they were recorded simultaneously.
As much as I want this to be true I kinda doubt it. People who install and configure home assistant are far and away niche users. Almost everyone with one of their products will just use a physical clicker or pair it with their car directly.
True, especially when accounting for Internet latency.However, the purpose of this project is not actually to measure how quickly platforms and frameworks can execute fundamental trivial operations. Rather, these tasks are a proxy for real-world applications. Across the board, we can reasonably assume that real applications will perform 10x, 50x, 100x, or even slower than these tests. The question is, where does that put your application? If your application runs 100x slower than your platform framework, does that put your application s response time at 200ms or 2,000ms?That s a difference users do notice.
It understandibly doesnt make many headlines, but the Russians are hemoraging resources, technology and yes, even territory to keep the peace with China.They are not friends, the are being used.
Once the things it teaches are learned they are difficult to unlearn. Could you describe one of these things it teaches ? Is it a concrete concept like ternary operators? Having gone through Excel, VB briefly, and Powershell, Javascript was my first exposure to ternary.
How do you manage to get it so often? I live in an area that is endemic to Lyme, but it s something that can easily be avoided much easier than Covid . But I do see reckless behaviour all the time as well, so maybe it is not that surprising.
Some resources for writing OSes - Andrew Tannenbaum s MINIX, and his Operating system books- The OSDev wiki
noooobody cares about your critical opinion, just do your thing and leave your supposed lessers in the dust
There is not and should not be a draft at all.Do you mean specifically for engineers, when there isn t a draft otherwise? Also no.Back when there was a draft in the USA, everyone was drafted well, all men of relevant demographics , and people with specialized skills say, doctors were drafted into relevant positions.
The if we just go back to the old app theory ignores half the problem. People learn how to be good at instagram and how to use it to their advantage over time.To pretend that Facebook is the only party extracting value is wrong. People who aren t you cause a lot of the problems that drive these apps to the places they end up.Turns out that most people would prefer to see the Kardashians over their friends most of the time. Sad, but there it is.
The Coding Train. Daniel is amazing and has a Bob Ross-esque vibe to him.
Once you added your own file into Click to browser, or drag drop files here. , replace input myFile.mp4 argument by your own filename path
Taxes are complex enough that media outlets can t cover the details without having readers lose interest.
Why are we doing this? Why are we wasting money on something whose sole purpose is to save face for a thin-skinned demagogue who can t stand being unpopular? He successfully played the American game of Electoral College to win his position, but is butthurt because more people voted against him. He waffles back and forth from one tweet to the next, and often they don t even have a shred of truth, so why is he even legally allowed to pursue this?He has actual problems he could be trying to solve, or he could be pushing his and his follower s agenda, but instead he is burning the American taxpayer s money trying to substantiate a false claim made by a random twitter user with zero evidence, and for what? Simply to buoy his ego, or even worse, to try and rustle up more rhetoric for a new age of Jim Crow laws, laws proven to adversely affect Non-Republican voting groups. Nevermind the fact that it s totally possible to create voter ID laws that DON T discriminate, if you are willing to piss off many Libertarians who don t want a National ID card.
Come on. First of all, parking in NYC and Boston is a complete nightmare. Spots are expensive and hard to find, rules and enforcement are arbitrary.Secondly, to suggest that Jackson WY has an overabundance of parking 28 spots per resident is offensive. In the summer, over 1 million tourists visit Jackson to see Yellowstone.It would be like saying that Disneyworld has an overabundance of parking at 2AM on a Tuesday.
Regarding 4, do you know how common it is to spend over 200k per month. If it is a rare use case I would not be surprised if those companies are making a sub-optimal decision. In my anecdotal experience, whenever we considered that order of magnitude of spend on AWS we ended up building our own infrastructure.
Amazing book
The Cartesian closed category s internal language is simply typed lambda calculus that has equivalent expressive power to combinatory logic where the y combinator was originally defined.
Come back when people start getting held at knifepoint so someone can get fix of TikTok.
Fair point, but this type of hubris is far more common and more forgivable in youth. Is it ageist to recognize this fact?
I love my safety razor. It is a vastly cheaper system. Buy one nice mercur razor and all the other consumables are laughably cheap.
You probably know this by now, but it doesn t require any Google Services to be installed in GrapheneOS. I did install through Aurora, but you could just get the apk and install it like that.
One estimation trick that I ve found effective is the following 1 determine the smallest number that your sure is larger than the true answer. 2 determine the largest number that you are sure is smaller than the true answer. 3 take the geometric average of the two. i.e., sqrt a b The reason this does well, is that oftentimes, 1 overestimates the true answer by roughly the same multiplicative factor as 2 underestimates the true answer by. So the geometric mean cancels the over and under estimates in order to get an estimation that does pretty well.I find that this works remarkably well for estimating the dimensions of buildings, trees, etc.
fork threads only to immediately join on them? This is just sync code with extra context switching and fatter stack traces. creates a new thread pool for each login request. That s a terrible idea. If anything create it once statically and re-use it. Or just perform your actions in the calling thread as you re just issuing a .get on the future anyway. Again, it s needless complexity.
If you examine all of his arguments, they all end up in the same place. He assumes that consciousness is not necessary for human-like or even animal-like intelligence, and he works from there back to the same conclusion.
Poor guy can t get a break. They bring out the guillotine in the summer with eat the rich signs, then the gallows rolls out in the winter. Tough being one of the worlds richest men.
If I had an easily replacable battery and updates on my phone for that long, I would. Right now mine is 3 years old and still perfectly adequate in terms of hardware, but I can t because it will stop getting security updates soon.
Ha, I had a Riva TNT in my forst own PC! Totally forgot about that, and just how great Half Life was back the day, and still is IMHO.
I don t think cutting mail service to 2 days a week would disconnect country folks. Anything time sensitive could use email, fax, or more expensive private delivery services.Plus, it s managed horrifically. What sort of real company would have a union contract that categorically prohibits layoffs and mandates rich pensions for basically unskilled workers?
My suggested test used the gray for background, with black text or white text over it.I can t trust the math, because I don t know how they derived it. Well the conversion from sRGB to linear RGB and from there to luminance is straightforward and standard, but the formula for contrast is a real mystery. Where d those magic 0.05 constants come from? And does it really not make a difference if it s light on dark vs. dark on light?
Also interesting is if impressions should be counting followers of the tweet author or only if the follower reads it.Many users are following so many accounts that they can only read only a small subset of their timeline. I wonder if Twitter s apps and services also have to evolve substantially like Facebook s did to include more elaborate filtering and ranking options.
Thanks for sharing this. It s been a while since I ve been inspired to learn more from a talk . This was just perfect in timing as I am trying to learn several new technologies out there.
Has it ever actually happened that a developer had 10 years experience building websites on MySQL, very strong domain expertise in some non-programming field, and no knowledge of InnoDB?
So people want to use Googles platform but don t want to use their technology. This doesn t make any sense.
Or maybe governments don t always follow the law. That s a possibility too.It is, but I think it s way more common for people to be broadly ignorant of the law and legal concepts except a few little bits about some rights that they believe very strongly and rigidly.It s sort of like software requirements things usually seem simplest at the beginning, when you know the least. Then you learn more and the requirements get complicated match the actual needs. Then sometimes you get some cowboy who comes in later, makes a flash judgement on little understanding that things should be simpler, and then either breaks everything or re-discovers the lessons you already figured out.
Because I have first hand experience on a good swath of the search stack. Shuttering a standalone product is mostly an organizational effort. Removing a search feature is a coding adventure. One feature is sprinkled across the code base like pixie dust, magically becoming a count down timer to serve a users query. It is simply too high a cost to go and remove a single feature. It is also highly unlikely that leadership would approve bricking a swath of search features for technical reasons, it is just not in the organizational culture.It s a bug that ll be fixed when someone notices.
I agree that is hard to think in prolog, formulating the problem as logic rules is not natural for us after we done imperative programming. I imagine this is true on small problems that are popular in education but in a real world scenario a hard problem that is suitable for prolog would be much harder to do it in C or other imperative language, and probably adding new rules would be easier in prolog.
Guess I ll go for a swim!
Password protection is a good issue. Obviously its not as simple as a native web application where we can just hash the users password so never actually store it in plain text.For Gmail users we can use XOauth, which helps, but for other services we will have to store login details somewhere. We are currently working on a way of encrypting the passwords that are stored in case of security breaches, but its definitely not an easy task at the moment our private alpha is just using Gmail users .Edited wrong response
isn t it a meme at this point, pushing computational work to the client side? I have a laptop or mobile device, please don t hog my limited cpu and battery life by forcing my device to resize images.
So...I actually am a senior digital marketer who has been doing this stuff for over a decade. The naming conventions aren t an issue, and automating through another analytics platform has its own issues GA for example won t track FB s view throughs unless you manage it all via an ad server that can get the post-impression performance from FB .My ask was around whether anyone had solved for this use case in FB since the documentation on Custom Events is limited in this regard. My broader point is that having seem MANY different ad platforms in my time, I m disappointed that FB s is so limited compared to something like AdWords which, despite its issues, I still consider the gold standard in terms of UI UX.Your last note about making it unnecessarily hard on purpose is an interesting one that I ve heard floated on more than one occasion. I think there is probably some gain for them in not giving super granular data on this as it leads to inefficiency in ad spend which in turn means higher CPMs for them. The counter-argument I ve always made is that if you provide an amazing ad platform with great tools to drive performance, advertisers will shift more budget to you away from competitors in such a manner that should offset losses from people cutting out more of the crap inventory.There s also the possibility they don t prioritize giving their ad platform love because it nudges people to PMDs and they have a lot to gain by growing that ecosystem. If your partners are doing all the development work for you to build their own interfaces AND they are driving more media sales, that might be enough to drive a strategic shift away from their own platform. I d be very shocked if this were the case though.
LiquidTalent ONSITE in NYCLiquidTalent allows you to click a button and request a phone call with hiring companies both contract and full-time .If the hirer accepts the request, you ll both get a call at the scheduled time, and be put into a shared conference line, immediately starting the interview process.We re looking for a senior Rails dev to help us take our platform to the next level. You d be working with the engineer lead Rails dev , 1 other junior Rails dev, 1 senior Angular dev, and 1 Swift dev.We re a super early startup with seed funding. It s an amazing time to join, as you ll have a lot of autonomy, and you ll have a good amount of control over the direction of the product. Every week is a completely different experience.If any of this sounds interesting, contact me at ken at liquidtalent dot com
I like to think of it as outside the current set . Saying it doesn t exist is like saying sqrt -1 doesn t exist, yet it does, it s just outside the set of real numbers.In a strongly typed language with a boolean type, a comparison to null would require a type change. It s outside the set of the boolean type.
Thanks! That actually confirms my brief tests where I experienced Chrome to run most smoothly on my Moto G2.
There was an article posted I believe here a while back about aerospace software development. They talked about the processes used to develop the software and it was definitely in line with engineering rigor. However, it went on to say the people doing the work were not professional engineers. So, at least in some countries, you still could not call it software engineering.
It used to be a golden rule for investors that they should see signs of needless ostentation e.g. a fountain in reception, limos for all executives as a danger signal. Excuse the pun but making a film about yourself does not send out a good, signal about 37signals.
I wanted this to be easy.Famous last words P
I used to run with a Sansa Clip. It was perfect for that use case. Tiny, practically weightless, and could store many hours of music. My computer treated it like any USB drive, so it was easy to update. One of mine I think I burned through 3 of them over the years even had an FM radio.Today, when I run, I just carry my phone. It ends up doing everything the old clip did but in a much larger and more cumbersome package.I d probably carry my phone anyway these days after having a run, years ago, where my IT band told me I was done NOW but I was 8 miles from home. It was early Sunday morning and I ended up walking 2 miles on country roads and then through an empty office park before I found some place with a phone to call for a ride. That sucked.
TSMC had long said they were happy to have Intel as a larger customer, including on leading edge nodes if there was long-term commitment from Intel.
I believe you have misunderstood the issue at hand.There is no straight up theft in going to the UK, buying a book published under contract with the author in the airport store, reading it on the plane back the US and selling it on Amazon. That is the sort of case that we re talking about here, works whose creation do not violate the laws of the US but which are not produced under US jurisdiction.
Africa is not as poor, or as lacking in infrastructure, as you might think. A number of countries already have, or can set up, the cold chain requirements.Indeed, South Africa which is where this company is based has safely administered millions of Pfizer doses as part of its vaccine rollout. Only the most rural areas are where a more stable vaccine like the J J one needs to be used.
You should absolutely NEVER place solar panels directly upon a roof as many of the linked website photographs demonstrate.Solar cells need ventilation on their undersides, and without it will rapidly be damaged i.e. become more inefficient . Long-term, water trapped underneath may encourage shinglerot.
Why would webdevs care about work trying to remove the GIL?
Something is seriously off with the study you cited. This image leads me to believe that the scenarios they are comparing are not remotely close in calories, which would invalidate their conclusion the study is using the USDA guidelines in their model scenarios. Those guidelines are heavily influenced by food lobbyists and are not entirely in line with what sustainability advocates have been pushing. For example, the emissions assumptions made in that paper are assuming that the replacement calories are coming from our traditional food system and they are not modeling in any increase in local production. i.e. replacing a chicken breast from Iowa with a bag of Apples from Chile might indeed be a net negative in terms of emissions. But that is not what food advocates are pushing for. It is more like replace a steak with a head of broccoli from your local CSA. That would likely be very net positive in terms of emissions.
Seems fair, they should require a reference copy of the deposit transcription for every takedown request.
Are you signing it manually? Or just doing some go-arounds with Bitcoin-qt? I m really interested in this, but never found any python scripts or how-to s.How do you allocate change address etc as well?
It takes a cryptographically provable amount of energy to reverse a Bitcoin transaction, and that amount is equal to the money spent on electricity mining blocks that confirm a transaction.Proof of Stake systems have no equivalent. They operate by trusting the staking parties are not colluding to create an alternate history. But if they do decide to collude, there is little thermodynamic cost to rewriting history.It s a fundamentally weaker system, and one that depends on trust. The whole value of proof of work is that it allows you to escape trust.
So, we have enough of everything? It sounds like good news for the pensioners.
It is definitely a saturated space. However, only a few competitors are agnostic to platforms Splurgy, RaffleCopter, gleam.io, and a few others . Other competitors such as OfferPop, Woobox, Shortstack, and etc... are all Facebook centric which means you cannot embed your contests giveaways on your website This means you won t be able to funnel your existing website traffic into your social properties.Also, MailChimp is not over engineering at all. It s a very key feature. These integrations are important for marketing teams. After people socially engage into these contests giveaways, their emails are captured and then can be ported into MailChimp where you can run e-mail campaigns.
Sure. Let s oil tankers spil remaining oil in the ocean as it pleases them. And let s facebook print partisan ads and fake news paid by Russia in local election.
Right. I should have clarified it s unlikely to happen if you want to be hands off for years at a time. If that s the goal the ideal state is to convert it to static.
Cool aside I was reading the article, and when I saw the picture, I was like Hey! I ve met that guy! I talked to Joachim Nsofini at the American Conference on Neutron Scattering this past year. I actually took some notes on what he said, because I found it so fascinating. He was telling me his work was to make the test setup as vibration proof as possible and that there were multiple levels of design that would cancel out any movement.If you notice in the photo, the label on the box says Do not touch! Don t even look at it very hard .
Consulting is also feast or famine if not hustling enough .
Java has a shell by default since forever now. You can start it by issuing jshell of any semi-modern JDK.Yes, I m aware of Jshell. Jshell is what you get when you take a static strongly typed compiled language and you give it an interactive shell. It s not exactly coherent, and still doesn t solve the most salient issues. Using JShell is better than an IDE IMO, but if we re going that direction then why are we still using Java? There are far better interactive languages out there. to me it was a giant oddballIt is an oddball language, because most languages are written by developers for developers to do the things developers do. Matlab was written for scientists to do science, and because scientists are not developers, Matlab is designed in a way that is more friendly to them. Sure, learning Matlab is not going to help you in a job interview at an OOP shop, if only just because the interviewers there have an opinion about Matlab being an oddball language although I ve managed to get an interviewer to call in his colleagues to see my one liner Matlab solution to a whiteboard coding question, We ve certainly never gotten that answer before they said . But the things that make it odd to professional programmers make it more understandable to children, I have found. 1 indexing is the best example. People here will complain about it endlessly, but children will consider it obvious and won t think twice about indexing an array with 1 as the first element.Here s the difference. Matlab To access the first element, do x 1 . Student okay. And then we move on to the next topic or the activity at hand. All other languages To access the first element, do x 0 . Student Wait, why? Why is the first thing 0? What can t the first thing be 1? That makes no sense whatsoever. And then we spend the next amount of time talking about indexing, not doing fun things like the activity at hand. The difference between 1 indexing and 0 indexing is trivial in the grand scheme of things. But it s and example of something where just a slight change is the difference between understanding and confusion. Also, are you sure matlab is a good language for learning?I am not sure, that s why I m doing research on it. But the reason I m doing research here is because I saw a dramatic result from an experiment, and I want to pull on that thread. The experiment was teaching robotics to middle school students 11-13 using C and Matlab. Both groups with little to no computing experience. One was taught C in the context of making a robot do a task. The other was taught Matlab. The Matlab group finished the task with ample time to spare, while the C had barely gotten past the C preliminaries and needed extra time to finish the task. There s got to be something here, it s not like we were trying to make Matlab win. We thought maybe it would have a slight edge but it was just a blowout.
It seems like worldwide height distribution for healthy children of their age and sex would have been clearer phrasing. Either way, the ambiguity does not discredit the article s findings.
I showed Netflix s Love Death Robots Ice Age 1 to several people and no one noticed it s CGI until I pointed it out. Even then I had to point out particular details until they really believed it.1.
They are delivering as much value as fast as possible given X metrics.The cheapest Model 3 price is within the ASP of the average US car, and it is good value.As soon as they can do cheaper, they will.
Also for letting us know that HPUX is a database -
Why should my work give you a voice?
Yeah, this.People don t realize and don t want to realize how much of their success in life is based on pure, sheer luck.I m not going to say that hard work is irrelevant, but it s very much overrated. Because you can work hard yourself to death and not get any penny to your name. Whereas if you luck out, you luck out - no hard work required.I guess that we - as narrative creatures - aim to have a satisfactory story to our lives. We that are successful want this success to be our own achievements, not the random fluctuation of chance.But human brains are very bad with randomness and so we see patterns the people close to us are good and honest and hard working, no wonder they are rich and successful. They earned it! we think, not taking into consideration confirmation and selection bias.It s just a shame that we are also lead to believe the reverse is true. That poor person over there? He must be slacking off and is not putting in enough elbow grease - he deserves to be poor and miserable.Sometimes we re very bad at thinking.
You have your opinion and I have mine.So let s not try to have a discussion about it? I ve never understood that frame of mind.
This is why we can t have nice things.
We ve been looking for ways to force the US onto the metric system.
Why would the price matter if the P E is reasonable?
AFAIK users didn t actually upload content to the site. They submitted it and then Mr Moore or someone else posted it. I m also pretty sure he wouldn t honour take down requests.
Location Canada Remote Yes Willing to relocate No Technologies Python, SQL, Git, Docker, AWS, R, Bioinformatics GATK, samtools, biopython Résumé CV Email kaplan.maia at gmail.com Hi there, I m Maia and I m looking to contribute as a software developer. My skillset comes from evolutionary genetics, with a masters in computational biology and having worked in biotech as a software developer for the last few years. I am not bound to bioinformatics or the health field in fact I would love to explore new domains and companies.Prioritizing Strong technical leadership past teams have shown me that I value this more than the product. Team dynamics and processes several people working together, with regular feedback and opportunities for growth eg pairing, code review, prototyping new ideas . Exploring medium to larger companies after working at two startups to try something different.Other related skills knowledge I have Biology and health largely cancer research implemented in clinical applications such as variant discovery, filtering, annotation in human genome exome. Some phylogenetics and comparative genomics between species plants, protists . Math statistics machine learning participated in several project throughout graduate school, developed some as part of industry work, attended workshops and gave guest lectures eg AI in health I m taking my time to learn about the space and would love to hear from you if you have tips to share in addition to jobs and hiring opportunities. I am not currently interested in part-time or contract work.
I am working on a project whos intent is to harness unused computational power from unused rarely used servers or other devices, and allows a business to run background jobs on this spare compute.Think BOINC but for enterprise. I ve never validated this idea if its actually something businesses would use, but I ve had fun coding it so far as just a side project.I have been overwhelmed since I have not built anything like this before, It would be useful to have someone to bounce ideas off of and work with. The plan down the line is to open source this codebase. It would be great if you are familiar with -IPFS-Golang-Decentralized databasesDetails should be in my profile. Also, I work on VR browser Games so if you are interested in collabing on that let me know.
You absolutely can get houses for 300-400K in Detroit. Where exactly were you looking at? Houses that you re describing are definitely possible in hot areas like Downtown and Downtown adjacent areas like Corktown, Indian Woods, and Midtown.
Exactly what I was going to say. Maybe the warp cores are dangerous because it s simply not possible for them to build one that s completely safe. It s actually reminiscent of the accidents that we ve had with nuclear power in the last century - creating a reactor that won t ever go critical is something that s only been possible recently.Though I do have to admit the holodeck failed far, far too often.
I will be writing something regarding that soon, this was more of designer perspective on react native.What were you curious about re card generation?
Can we use transcranial magnetic stimulation as a substitute for deep brain stimulation? This would prevent that need to penetrate the skull, brain, etc.
You went and found the cheapest versions of components you could find to make a false comparison. This has always been the difference between pc laptops and mac laptops. People say I can get this cpu with this graphics card in a pc laptop for WAAYY cheaper ignoring the memory, quality of the chassis, quality of the screen, quality of the speakers, the battery and just about everything else.
I checked your links, and it confirms that basically everything Megaman69 said was indeed false.
Do you have any suggestions for Python libraries other than what s mentioned in the post ?
I don t want to pay an attorney hundreds of dollars an hour to determine if the new required login checkbox applies to me.Seems like the right choice if not for now in the future, at this rate the petty childish behavior is looking to escalate further.
Even with vsync there s up to one frame to recognize inputs, then another frame to produce new game state submit the render, then 1 or 2 more for double or triple buffering, then maybe supersampling and or denoising, then whatever the monitor does, and I might be missing some steps that add latency.VSync introduces latency, so it always gets disabled, same with double triple buffering. I don t think gaming monitors do anything to process the image, they re usually advertised with 1ms response times. Does CS GO and do other modern games poll the controller at the display refresh rate?Modern gaming mice and possibly keyboards use 1000hz polling. I know it s pretty common for a lot of games to decouple rendering from game state.I think all modern games do. Some old games have issues running at fps other than 60 due to this coupling. I m curious where the perceptual limits really are, and what the max framerate we actually need is.I don t know exactly there are definitely diminishing returns, like you ve mentioned - 30fps 33ms frame- 60fps 17ms frame 2x cost for -16 ms - 144fps 7ms frame 2.4x cost for -10 ms - 240fps 4ms frame 1.6x cost for -3 ms - 500fps 2ms frame 2x cost for -2 ms - 1000fps 1ms frame 2x cost for -1 ms Just from looking at those numbers, 144fps is still a clear win and 240fps probably makes sense too, if you ve optimized your setup for latency. Everything beyond is probably pointless, unless it s your job to play competitive FPS games
Trivia for you git stash is actually storing the changes as a set of stacked commits on a hidden branch. You can even do a git log or amend on your stash, although the stash abstraction is pretty complicated under the hood.
Most terms don t have any meaning. As far as I can tell, no-code and serverless no-ops is a close one too fall under that category.
my automatic Aqua Terra 8800 movement maintains this or better accuracy, which i find astounding for a mechanical gear train that oscillates at 3.5Hz. i definitely would expect a well-tuned quartz movement to outperform this significantly. but i guess not for 20 p
i thought i had it fixed with background-clip but it still haunts me..
Reminded me of SunVox
He actually very briefly went by Tom Jones, to the point of doing a photoshoot under that name, before It s Not Unusual came out and forced him to change it again.
CFS has demonstrated magnets that seem to be up to the job, using REBCO tape. They ll replace the inner wall annually, so it doesn t need to be as durable. MIT already demonstrated practical joints in the tape.We certainly need to decarbonize as fast as we can without waiting for fusion, but if we re lucky then fusion might make things easier down the road.
No, just things like that. The whole situation screams stupid criminal or more like compulsive liar manipulator without a plan .Intelligent criminals and liars are better at it, better at obfuscating, better at making it unclear whether or not a crime was actually committed, better at never having their crime discovered and not getting caught if it is.
governments are pretty good at destroying financial systems as well
Maybe it s like the birthday paradox for taunting AIs
I have seen most fakes in Apple store, especially targeting apps that weren t available in App Store by itself - so if you were searching, you wouldn t get any good result out.
I ve got you covered, at least for an XPG NVMe in a TDBT enclosure
Do you mind elaborating?If you are talking about a smart-contract being able to do stuff with encrypted data without other people being able to access the data, I don t think this would help with that, because whatever system the contract would use would be available to whoever is trying to get the data from the contract.Though, things may be enough to make it hard for other contracts to get stuff from a particular contract? I m somewhat skeptical of that, but maybe. Also, in any case, the attacker contract could just make an incentive for people to give it the information, which I think would work. and that might be necessary for it to get the info from the defending contract anyway? I don t remember. I don t think it is, but I m not sure. However, I m not sure that is what you meant, and also I m not sure of what I m saying.edit well, there are other systems that have been designed to let contracts keep information secret but I think those are still too expensive to be used, and relied on a secret sharing scheme iirc, so would require that not all the info be on chain.
Do you have any sources for those claims by health experts ?Timezones and DST were largely instituted in the era of 7-15h work hours still remaining in plenty of govt institutions , and we are more in the 9-17h realm today, so society has already timezone-switched in the last 100 years quite a bit simplified, ofc .I d be surprised at how come one gets sleep deprived from having a pre-set timezone that doesn t jump around ever for a location? If you go to sleep at 9pm way past dark time in the worst morning-case and the sun only comes out at 8am, you d be sleep deprived if you wake up at 7am 10h of sleep because it s dark outside?
Not really. Richard Dawkins turned me on to the idea.Interestingly, the whole intelligent design debate is a good proxy for evolution as intelligence arguments. One side offers example of how biology nature is designed and the other finds explanations for how it is evolved. Evolution does seem intelligently designed. It exhibits problem solving.The similarity between the way an intelligent human thinks and the way nature thinks is striking. It s striking to the point that simply defining nature as an intelligence or even going further as defining it as an intelligent creator doesn t seem out of the question. We know a lot about the mechanics of evolution. Less about the mechanics of human intelligence. In the absence of a better understanding of the latter, it s more or less just a semantic choice.But, there could very well be a stronger connection. Maybe something similar to evolutionary intelligence powers human intelligence. Maybe both are instances of a more fundamental thing. I m using emergence as the placeholder in my brain for that fundamental principle algorithm or collection of these. Emergence also covers concepts from economics, culture and ecologies and finds logical solutions for things without the intervention of an intelligent human.But no, I don t have good reading recommendations. If anyone does, I would love to hear them. Fiction, non-fiction. I would love to hear about these ideas from different perspectives.
They don t seem to have an id?
I grew up in Connecticut where we always had redemption value on cans bottles and so on. The rule was if you sold it you had to take it back. Taking back the cans and bottles was normal for me as a kid, it was how I got change for the vending machines in front of the store.In CA in the Bay Area I am charged redemption value on cans and bottles. I put them in recycling, and guess what, the same truck that picks up my garbage also picks up my recycling... it is all going in the trash.Recycling is broken, and we need to make more changes to make it effective.
How does the service access all my social media feeds and contact data? What s the security and privacy policies in place? What access does the company have to my data? What are they planning to do with it?
Risk factors are lovely We have been subject to regulatory investigations, actions and settlements and we expect to continue to be subject to such proceedings in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business.We are involved in numerous litigation matters that are expensive and time-consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.Our platform has been, and may in the future be, subject to interruption and instability due to operational and technological failures, whether internal or external.
It sounds to me like you agree entirely with your friend and are nitpicking over the how you define the measurement of knowledge in particular, the sign convention for incorrect-but-more-predictive theories .
You give some great advice, brk, buy you should know that the average buyer s agent commission is 2.5 , not 1 or nothing. I know this, but most listing agents will cover some or all of the buyers broker fee, so the actual buyer typically ends up paying somewhere between nothing and 1 . At least this is how it s worked on the 4 properties I ve bought in the last dozen years.I didn t realize that he was renting instead of buying. My original advice was 100 geared towards buying. I ve never rented, so have no good advice in that regard.
Any hints about how a broken down hyperloop train would be evacuated?Extremely rapidly.
So given the fiduciary responsibility to maximize shareholder value that is hard right now, but the existence ofEdit The above is apparently more cultural than legal but I still like the below option. me hope as a mode to found a company, the gist is that includes positive impact on society, workers, the community and the environment in addition to profit as its legally defined goals My understanding is that in the context of the current startup climate is that it is harder but not impossible to raise money under that type of corp though I haven t seen it myself yet.
It s not even remotely fair that the large tech players of the world get to train their models on others content for cheap.Ironic for Reddit to be angry at this considering the reason their company has any value at all is because of both the free content provided by users and the army of moderators who aren t paid a cent for their work.
This is great. Very useful for itunes connect reports since they changed the way they handle dates went from 20081128 to 11 28 2008 halfway into this month. Now, I can easily change it without going through hundreds of rows.
Raw I presume?
I m surprised by the lack of speculation on the identity of the perpetrators.
free mitnick!
I m so sorry to hear you re going through this. I got hacked a few years ago through a SIM swap attack, and it feels terrible being violated like that.This does not sound like an overreaction.I would personally 1 wipe my machine and 2 reset all my passwords. I d be very selective about which tools I reintroduce into my workflow.
To deal with the traffic the article references, why not have a motorcycle taxi where the driver does lane splitting?
Wow, do you honestly believe anyone cares about your opinions? You seem diluted and full of yourself to seriously take any amount of time in writing such a worthless response.The information here is relevant and quite important, friend, please take all your jelly-mad asspain somewhere else kiddo.
I m starting to get SMS spam.. my favorite from banks I don t have an account at.. I hate being nickel and dimed, but if this is one case where if sending me a message cost a few cents, and it ends up stopping SMS spam, it might be worth it..Back when I stated using a phone, we used to have to pay for texts...
These are great! especially the collapse comment threads!Welcome sctb.
I think it might be the unfounded accusations of this money going to pay for police misconduct. Considering the history of the city and corruption, I would say this is a fair assumption to make.
I d prefer a federated solution, but XMPP doesn t yet have decent support for group chat that doesn t depend on being connected. is still experimental.Bravo to Signal for being easy enough for my family to use!
I think this is more a testament to the quality of Adobe s GPU pipeline or lack thereof . M1 s GPU is surprisingly capable for a 10W part, and more importantly, it supports low-latency CPU GPU communication and opt-in memory page sharing. The later is especially interesting for creative software, as CPU and GPU can work on the same data structure, eliminating the need for copies or GPU buffer management. Knowing Adobe however, it s probably most likely that they are still using OpenCL, so the lack of performance is not surprising.P.S. Or maybe the GPU test is simply memory bandwidth limited...
There is a lot of opportunity here especially with neural networks.
The only consequence of the powerful hardware I see, wrote one, is that programmers write more and more bloated software on it. They become lazier, because the hardware is fast they do not try to learn algorithms nor to optimize their code this is crazy! This is remarkably accurate for games as well. Insurgency Sandstorm for example. I was full of hope when I learned it was being developed in Unreal Engine which supports large scale combat much better than Insurgency s source engine. Unfortunately when it came out if performed much worse than its predecessor. Working with these engines has become so easy you don t really have to think anymore and can just keep throwing stuff in.
Seems like a good app to get beginners started with learning to code. What stack is this built on? What language are you teaching with, is it javascript?
The biggest problem with the BRI initiative as sold by China, is it puts money in the hand of the least trusted entity with developing economies. The Government.China for certain, knows that the optimistic promise of the BRI initiative will be met, and that they are trading long term debt with strong political influence.What happened in Srilanka should be a warning to any other country intending to enter BRI.There is a reason these countries would never start these projects without outside support. It is because, within the framework that the country operates, such a project will objectively speaking, never be profitable.
One major problem with this It s not like he invented the retweet. The userbase invented the RT prefixed message. Twitter the company simply took what the user base had done and weaponized it and empowered it. But at the same time they made it easier to track a single specific message being RT d. So blessing and a curse.
MongoDB-compatibleHow do they implement data loss on top of Postgres?
This conference was more a Cilium conference. Google will use cilium as the default cni on gke speaking was Kinvolk s CTO Alban Crequy
Not necessarily buying, but I took a pay cut when I changed jobs in order to work remotely. Saves 3hrs day in commute time, so the cut was well worth it to me.
Mmmm. Look at the size of this subthread. It s like catnip.And I said I ll use whatever pronouns people want, already, in one of four short grafs. Yet it didn t stop you from wondering if I m some stealth enemy .It s funny, these culture war issues.In the case described, it doesn t seem to have involved any actual trans people either. It was all theoretical, talking about the CoC.I suppose my talk of rise above means waiting until someone is actually a jerk before correcting them. We don t need cultural uniformity, we just need people to be nice.
Somewhat related, the Touring Plans guys do an awful lot of analysis of Disney crowds and ride wait times to build itineraries for different types of park visitors.
Note though that speed isn t all that matter, memory usage does too, especially in constrained environments.
Your overall goal is to improve your ability to do some larger task. Larger tasks tend to be able to be broken down into smaller tasks. Improving your ability on smaller task tends to make you better at the larger task.So what you do is find a way to - somewhat isolate a smaller task- then focus on doing that smaller task with ONE particular focus or improvement in mind- have feedback on how it wentWhen feedback is present and you are paying attention, you will tend to fairly naturally improve.Repetion is good, but repetition in different circumstances is much better for learning.
The demo is amazingly smooth on the iPad.
Yes, start with HTML JavaScript. has a very clean, straightforward tutorial with complete reference. My advice would be that as you learn you should take notes in form of questions, so instead of writing To declare a function function name ... ... write a question How to define a function? Then rewise your questions after each chapter and write your answers on a piece of paper, not into the computer - you ll memorise the syntax faster and better.After reading the entire tutorial you should have about 8-10 pages of notes with questions. If you don t remember how to write something, go back to the online tutorial reference and find what you need.At the beginning don t spend too much time on the Math or Date functions, as these won t be that much useful. Focus on Strings and Arrays instead, regular expressions are also fun to play with.And after you re done with the basics you could try the Design Patterns as you learn you should try to build things that could be useful for yourself and that you would enjoy building. For instance you could try to make a simple flashcard system or a little script that could strip a given string from HTML tags, or a script that would create numerated footnotes on your website. Something like 150-200 lines of code.Your could also play with manipulting SVG elements with your JS - it s very rewarding and I believe that as for a beginner it s important to SEE the effects instantly.
We changed the title from 40 of Women Leave Tech Could Remote Work Be a Solution? because it was baity and the page s own language is more informative.
We live in weird time. If rates were to hit 80ies era level, 1 out of every 3 countries will default.For this reason they wouldn t.I thank myself for making a decision in my teenage years to keep half of my savings in metals. It was unbelievably wise for a 15 years old me.
I didn t say nobody could find it interesting. I said the title is misleading, thus wasting the time of people who were expecting content appropriate to the title. The content would still be interesting to you if the title reflected the content.
I m not sure where to even start with this clearly agitated post. If you genuinely think all disinformation comes from right wing kooks you might be in an information bubble.I would have thought at least the Hunter Biden laptop story pierced that bubble for most people recently by demonstrating these right wing kooks were the only ones NOT spreading misinformation.
The Debugger in .NET 8 now automatically optimizes release code and external codeHTML snippets are now available in Razor .razor filesMulti-targeting framework support TFM is now available for Razor filesBlazor Scaffolding for .NET 8 Projects has been added
What has malware got to do with anything?
I m ashamed to admit to the number of times I am impressed by someone from a third-world country not only being resourceful but being able to create much more than I could from much less.I think of William Kamkwamba creating windmills from car parts.We need to remember that education is not the only way to achieve, some people are just wired up well and education comes from many more places than school! I also believe in schools btw
Isn t that just how language works? When a name doesn t suit your language s writing system it s natural to adapt it in a way that s more accessible. English simply doesn t have an acute accent.It s why people in English speaking countries are named Michael or one of the 50 alternatives instead of the original מ יכ א ל, or why BBC reports on Chinese President Xi Jinping instead of Chinese President 习近平.
I was trying to make a point about decreasing fiscal competition. So, yeah, good!
For Amazon personnel as the users?I would ve loved to read the 6-pager on that, because it s not immediately obvious to me. I can see some business data people demanding MS Excel, and some business people live by Powerpoint unless banned or forced to use some simpler and less-familiar presentation tool. But that s not a million seats. And letting MS get a toehold with their suite risks really dumbing-down how your organization works and thinks.
I m not really following your question. The idea of a wealth tax is pretty straightforward. You take stock of a person s assets, take a percentage of that figure say 1 and send them a bill for that dollar amount. How they choose to pay that bill is entirely up to them - they can borrow against their assets, liquidate some of them, or use cash on hand. I don t really see how control of resources factors into the equation.
I think the CDC comes off looking like the victim here. Years ago, Trump fired the pandemic response team 1 with a cited reason to cut costs . Clearly there must have been some other reason, because firing a pandemic response team is guaranteed to increase costs, not reduce them.Either way, the CDC has been intentionally handicapped by the Trump administration who specifically and intentionally reduced their ability to respond to crises like this one.I certainly do not blame the CDC for their issues this time around, they are generally an incredible organization employing truly top minds and very high tech. If there is blame to go around here, it is with those who think that science is fake and that no money needs to be spent on community healthcare or prevention. 1
It s not that it s unique it s that the problems that arise in them are unique.
Whenever I dig into this I discover that what people complaining really want to do is modify their cars so it no longer meets emissions standards you can get more power and or better fuel mileage by doing this . Nobody is replacing ECUs with one of their own design that otherwise meets emissions. Sensors and parts are easy to replace sometimes at high cost , and mostly radially available. The OEMs already tell mechanics what all the diagnostics codes mean.sure most of us reading this have the skills to write new code for their ECU, but realistically almost none of us would do that anyway unless we want to make a trade off that effects emissions.
stuff you get without money changing hands . That is an extremely powerful energy sourceIndeed, and this is something we didn t know before the move fast and break things phase but now we do, also the side-effects.But my argument is that the stuff we get with money changing hands dwarfs the novelty of freebies-for-data by orders or magnitude.And for that broader economy to properly integrate into the digital age its just not possible to keep basing the internet infrastructure on adtech.
Okay, then if that point is ceded, would you agree then that we ought to only eat the fewest animal products necessary to get those nutrients in safe levels?People always argue against veganism by saying Ah well, can t get all my B12 from plants so I guess eating this McDonalds quarter pounder is justified! . Why not remove everything else that is an animal product lacking the nutrients you need, and only eat what animal products you absolutely need?For the record, it s the consensus of every major nutrition and dietetic institute globally that a plant based diet is suffix for all stages of life, so even granting the point that veganism disallows access to a full nutritional profile is generous.
Before I was shot, I always thought that I was more half-there than all-there I always suspected that I was watching TV instead of living life. People sometimes say that the way things happen in movies is unreal, but actually it s the way things happen in life that s unreal. The movies make emotions look so strong and real, whereas when things really do happen to you, it s like watching television you don t feel anything. Right when I was being shot and ever since, I knew that I was watching television. The channels switch, but it s all television. - Andy WarholLife is a quote or song cue.
Went to school in the UK so not entirely the same experience as our american cousins, but absolutely nothing like you describe.The main points are any class that wasn t segregated on ability would usually have at least one individual who didn t want to be there. They would typically disrupt the class. jump up and swear, push over desks, attack other students or the teacher, spit in other students faces, throw chairs at the windows or doors, etc. Every time you changed class you had to walk in the corridor. A packed corridor filled with students. If you pass the student or students who don t like you how can you stop one of them sucker punching you? you can t. Tripping you up and kicking you one after the other before quickly moving along to their class? that too, etc. Going to the toilet also presented problems. I am male so used urinals, but what if that gang of students who don t like you see you go into the bathroom? if you are using a urinal they can punch you in the back of the head, or grab you and throw you to the ground and put the boot in before you can even react. Taking a dump in a cubicle? be prepared to have bottles of piss, bricks, etc thrown over the top at you, get the door kicked in and punched, door kicked in and a bottle of piss sprayed in your face, etc. Walking home from school? hope a gang of people who don t like you don t beat you up and steal your bag money shoes this one didn t happen to me, but repeatedly to a friend .The complaints that you have outlined are absolutely minor and tame.Bullying in school is a problem for the same reason it is in adult life, that is, being punched kicked hit with a brick prevented from going to the bathroom without risk of physical assault in an environment that you have no control over can be distressing and harmful.
Evopsyche is pseudo-science.All of psychology is pseudo-science. I mean, two sigma. I can t even...
I m glad that this talk continues to inspire people!FWIW, there s previous discussion over here
it s a ton of work, with people constantly bitching at you, for no compensation.One of my favorite things about Mod self pity that always seems to come up is this insinuation that they did not want the job. The literal opposite of reality. All mods BEG to be mods. They lobby and work hard to get into their jobs and jealously guard them. They deeply resent and fear the idea of the community operating without them.There have been times where I ve thought, I have enough free time to be a help to a community I m part of and would be willing to mod. But I ve never done it because I wouldn t even know where to start. I m not building a job application and selling myself for this or carefully waiting out position openings in Discord IRC channels. I don t care that much. Use my labor if you want it or not. The mods that actually ended up mods? Oh they care and worked for it. You re free to quite any time if you don t want the job. Go on.... do it.Also I question how much work there really is beyond mission creep. Filter out the spam and the occasional super psycho and you re done. Now if you make work for yourself by trying to be a gestapo nanny that deep reads all comments to weed out wrongthink and confers with mod star chambers on what is to be done to shape the community. Then yeah, maybe you can make a lot more work for yourself.
While reddit has a quite bad reputation, there are quite a few subbreddits which are heavily moderated and quite serious For example, r askhistorians requires that all answers be long form and cite peer-reviewed articles no wiki, first person comments or pop-historians allowed .Some of the tech subreddits there are much better than StackOverflow - for example, I get better answers on r rust than on SO.
It probably was, except that there weren t blog posts about it.
After a couple months of being homeless, an old client of mine called up and asked if I could help with some work. I said yes, but also said that I wasn t in a position to do work now and wait for an invoice to get paid. They have me a 5000 advance. 1000 went to bring the balance of my overdrawn checking account up to zero. 2500 went to paying rent for a couple months at a relatively cheap hotel. About 1000 went to expenses related to filling the job, and I scraped together a couple months of food on yhe last 500.It all worked out. My business took off from there with a lot of luck, hard work, producing results, and getting referrals. I sold that business a couple years later, and used that money to learn how to play developer for moniez I m not sure what you mean by dependencies, but I had no dependents kids to care for I was not dependent on drugs. I did drink a little more than I should at the time, but it wasn t ever too bad.The number one lesson I learned is to not run out of cash. Life is 100x easier when you have a little money. If you don t believe me, try to see how much you can buy with 20 vs getting someone to give you 20
I agree with this in that I believe that many industries esp. health care are being harmed by hyper-financialization, which is reducing transparency for consumers and creating massive waste.What worries me is the part about judging the worthiness of an intervention based on a hypothetical homo economicus decision to pay for it. These kinds of cost-benefit analyses end up feeling really strange when applied to things with strong intangible value.Even if set up in a well intentioned manner, I could see these kinds of analyses themselves becoming victims of regulatory capture and being used to restrict access to care rather than improve it, similar to how the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs 0 has used economic arguments to gut regulations on coal ash, vaping, and prison rape. 0
The best piece of this post is hidden in a sentence in the middle, and I wanted to call it out If cost is an issue, go to a community college BEFORE going to a 4-year engineering school. Community colleges are a fraction of the price of a university.Any EE degree is going to require a significant investment in calculus, some diff eq, linear algebra, chemistry, physics, and likely some humanities.With some clever coursework you can do 2 years of full time EE coursework at a community college.
of evil is a phrase used by Hannah Arendt in the title of her 1963 work Eichmann in Jerusalem A Report on the Banality of Evil. Her thesis is that the great evils in history generally, and the Holocaust in particular, were not executed by fanatics or sociopaths, but by ordinary people who accepted the premises of their state and therefore participated with the view that their actions were normal.
not really. most forms of insurance are not mandated by law and try to charge people something like the expected value of their claims over a certain period plus a profit margin. if health insurance were allowed to operate more like other kinds of insurance, healthy young people would pay a couple hundred bucks a year and old people would pay tens, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars. an eighty year old buying health insurance is the equivalent of someone with five DUIs, multiple at-fault accidents, and a ferrari trying to purchase car insurance.
dead
project-picard
It seems a lot more possible these days, both socially and economically, to go into partial retirement at around age 30.Developers can pull this off without much effort. 2-20X the pay for our work, little expectation of company loyalty nor stigma for resume gaps or job hopping, crazy skewed market to ensure that a new contract is only a Facebook LinkedIn Twitter update away. Why would anybody spend their 30s not taking several months a year off in that situation?Naturally, I m biased a bit, since that was me for a dozen years or so. But there aught to be a skinny little blue line on that chart for us. And I bet it s a lot less skinny today than it was back when I started doing it.
99,220
Follow the white rabbit... I love this fun way of showing people around your site. Plans to open source?
Thanks! I ll do it, I ve never visit Parallax site before
I thought this looked familiar
Thinking like yours gave us GPLv3 and less subsequent adoption of copyleft licenses.Which means you ve got a lovely and ideologically pure hill to die on, but die you will.In the real world code is useless without being adopted. The largest adopters? Businesses. They don t want to use GPLv3? Less developers likely to use it market forces I m afraid .So no, I ll keep paying attention to what works and not be beholden to the idealistic notions of the FSF, thanks.
The article implies that the problem seems to be caused not necessarily vaping as such, but by two things 1 vaping things that really should not be vaped, resulting in oil droplets getting in your lungs. e.g. cannabidiol oil, which is not designed for vaping but has been used that way. Apparently some vaping fluids are much worse than others, thus the recommendation to stop buying bootleg and street cannabis and e-cigarette products, and to stop modifying devices to vape adulterated substances. 2 people not seeking timely medical attention and lying about the causes, as marijuana possession is still a crime where they live.
That is not necessarily true. Alcohol and tobacco are legal and there are massive restrictions on how they are aloud to be advertised. The point being made here is that not many people would by more of it if they felt that purchasing it was not going to put them in legal trouble. For example, how many people do you know that do whippets?
Good luck on your launch!
I find it hilarious that the GIF showing it in action at the airport is giving totally wrong directions.It sais Go down one level to Floor 2 , to apparently reach gate E27. However, if you go down this escalator, all you will find is 2 train tracks with trains taking you out of the airport. You indeed need to take a train to gates E, but those depart from a totally different location.
Either individuals own themselves or they don t. And if we don t, who does? Where do they get that authority?
They call that hubris
Sure. There are density thresholds for any local businesses. I can t even really get Uber around where I live. Maybe there are a few scattered cars but not many. You d be pretty silly to set up a competing ride-hailing service here.There s probably some critical mass for these services to work well and that s going to have at least some effect on whether it makes sense for a new entrant.
I canceled immediately after I received this e-mail. I thought it was insulting.
Fascinating, I am going to read it in more detail. Most of the time these are thefts on order that s at least my limited experience
Thanks, good to know. I ve been waiting for these policies to kick in as debit cards become more popular.
You re right! The trapped ion approach IonQ is the most promising direction toward scalable quantum computing. Superconducting qubits such as those used by IBM and Google require extreme cooling while ions can be trapped at room temperature. Superconducting qubits are also plagued by substrate imperfections, while trapped ions being nature s qubits are absolutely identical in their quantum mechanical properties. This allows trapped ion quantum computers to realize the best demonstrated gate fidelities.
... I haven t seen anything like this for iPhone and its great that it is free.This is roughly equivalent to Cocos2d for iPhone. Cocos2d is also being ported to Android.
About a 1 billion of BBC revenues of about 5 billion GBP come from licensing content worldwide. They utilize both geolocation access restrictions and DRM in an attempt to protect this revenue.
Isn t clear whether you want to be an expert in your trade or the small graphic design app biz you started. First question is, is there demand for an expert in the area? Second question is, is the trade area affected much by locality? For example, if I need a jquery expert, I might not care if he she is in Warsaw, chennai, SF, or London. Most people seek out experts in a field because they have a difficult problem in that space, and often come across them in social engagements like hackerspaces, conferences, and probably more often by word of mouth referrals. Experts build notoriety by solving those problems, and making well known that they solve those problems publications, blogs, presentations at conferences etc .
Even this toy example would still require a 3 rise in taxes on all workers, decreasing the incentive to work. Also, in this case you literally wouldn t help any poor wage earners at all, since a minimum wage job in the UK is already making more than 10k. and maybe hurting them, if you increase taxes across the board if not, then high earners will be seeing a rate increase of closer to 4 -- so top rate will go from 45 to 49 .If you start getting to more life-changing money, like 6k a year, you re starting to talk about 10 increase in taxes on the whole working age population. The top rate will go from 45 to over 55 . And again, it won t add a penny to anyone who s earning more 10k.On top of that, some people would presumably drop out of the work force, and the higher tax rates would reduce the incentive to work, so your tax base will be even smaller. That ll push up the tax rates a few more percentage points at least.My math Going along with the example, around 65 of the UK is working-age, and about 62 of working age people work. So 15 million people in the UK don t work at all, let s assume they don t earn anything. Assuming you restrict the BI benefit to just to working age population no pensioners or children , there are suddenly 15 million people who didn t get anything before who now get BI, costing 30 billion pounds. The UK collects spends about a 1 trillion, so that would be a 3 rise in spending.
Sure, it makes things more convenient. Convenience and security are always a trade-off.
It s still so vastly different. In a movie theater you are forced to not play with your phone, etc while watching. Even though you are just sitting you are getting out of normal life for a while. You get better immersion and there is a shared experience that you simply can t get at home. I fear that movie theatres are soon going to be a luxury as small theaters are killed and they try to turn them all into the dinner and a movie thing for higher margins, which to me completely defeats the entire purpose. There is something awesome about walking out of a great movie, the lighting outside is so different than when you came in and it s a great surreal experience in and of itself.
I m not sure I follow the logic of the article that Microsoft has to develop these other segments of its business to be a leader in the future. What s going to touch Windows and Office?
Computer science is not mathematics. There s plenty of empirical work to be done in CS, including HCI.
I don t know why you re being down voted. Two column articles, pdf or otherwise, are simply harder to reader and know your place. Should be banned.Unless of course I m missing something non-obvious that makes the much better?...
The science is settled is a marketing term put forward by administrations that wish to manipulate the will of it s citizens.Especially those citizens who follow sheep-like behind a Media Personality who happens to believe that vaccines will make you a magnetic zombie from beyond the stars and give all your chakras autism of the turbo-cancer.
My theory is probably wrong, but it is possible that this article is a way for the author to signal his skills worth value. Someone with low skills and who s desperate to find a job is highly unlikely to publicly complain about the amount of attention he gets from recruiters, so by actually doing it, he signals that he has high value.But I do believe the more likely explanation remains that this guy got angry after getting harassed repeatedly by recruiters and decided to do something about it.
Here s the source although it s not terribly beautiful...
Correlated The obesity pay gap is worse than previously thought
I was reading Benjamin Franklin s autobiography and he wrote about philosophy in a broader sense. The context I remember is that he was hoping that a philosopher would take on the challenge of figuring out how best to shape and rig a sailboat, because at the time it was all more of an art than a science.Point being, up until the 19th century some or most people who would consider themselves philosophers tended to be more pragmatic practical in their pursuits.
I can t speak authoritatively since I ve never made Haggis, but I was under the impression it s illegal to import Haggis or specifically, the sheep-part constituents . I thought domestic production and sale are OK. edit Also wanted to add this. One of the coolest food experiences I ve had was when visiting a friend in rural Sicily. Apparently the traditional method of making ricotta is largely illegal due to sanitary reasons pasteurization, not simply doing it in the shed behind your house, etc . However one morning we got up around 4am and met some friends of his Dad. Spent a few hours learning how they made traditional ricotta and got to eat some fresh from the pot before they took the rest to sell to the locals. When it s boiling-hot and fresh from the pot, it s a totally different and better cheese than anything I ve ever seen in the store.
Wait, Tinder has a public API? Damn it, whenever I have to teach students what a public API is, I use Tinder as an example of a service that does not provide an API and the resulting hoops a programmer has to jump through in order to programmatically use the service
So what alternatives are there to Rethink? Not excited about Mongo.Or is mongo no longer crap for consistency?
This is very interesting to read. Can somebody point me to other resources? Especially for people who have not that much experience.
Removing creation from the process is much different than making new versions of existing tools as photoshop did.
I m guessing that you pretended the Linux boxes were Windows, and installed on Linux by downloading it off the arduino distribution site?Yes, that was a mistake. But it was not as simple as saying install from apt-get because some where using Arch-based distros pacman , a few were using Fedora yum and others Ubuntu. Even so, not always that the user is added to the right group. Also, we wanted to show the new 2.0 IDE.
What country did you put in for your application?
I can t imagine anyone s wallet.dat being that large... Plus you can always create new TC volumes. My wallet is under 200K right now. Alternatively, especially for such a small file, plenty of other per-file encryption schemes would be just as applicable.
dead
I have bought two Framework 13 laptops, and have been happy with them overall.I love their vision of a repairable laptop, and have replaced parts on them, without issue. That is a great achievement.I have had issues with drivers, and specifically had to reinstall windows to reflash firmware to get a new touch pad to work in linux. Bummer, but I m also running on the fringe a little, so I accept that.Overall, the experience has been positive, but I can just imagine how much of a tidal wave of support they must be experiencing. That s not to give them a pass. I hope they improve, but they are trying to do an audacious thing.
I m a big fan of the favicon! Making a good favicon always feels like such an ordeal, and it never seems to offer as much in return for the time you put in.This one s great, and I guess it ll inspire me to keep on pursuing better looking favicons.
Conan O Brien worked in Los Angeles, when he left The Tonight Show and NBC, and he had a non-compete, until he started his gig with TBS, so I m sure it s not as clear-cut.
Yeah, and that s a big problem, that leads to people not really having the choice at all, because they are forced to keep up with people who value productivity over safety.
If you d asked people two years ago what they thought about the idea of locking the whole country down indefinitely for a virus with a 99 survival rate and over 99.9 for people under 50 , the vast majority would have said it s a crazy idea. Calling getting vaccines and wearing masks indoors locking the whole country down indefinitely is definitely hyperbolic.You can say that not everything is still locked down some stuff still is , but don t pretend like 6 months ago you would have been against the lockdowns that actually happened.
You can go into any non-technical thread, and it is full of utterly delusional statementsAn even better example although, the delusional charge is a bit heavy in this case I was wrong about spreadsheets - here, in a largely objective domain, one can clearly see a variety of strong statements of fact or so the author believes , but if one was to dig down into each, I suspect you would likely find that the erroneous thinking ultimately resides at the axioms heuristics level.I would love to know if you even somewhat see what I m getting at, or if this sounds like some form of batshit insanity. Most anyone I run into seems to have a strong aversion to this type of thinking, kind of similar to how people seem to have a natural aversion to certain conversations discussions in polite company that go into too much detail about sex, for example .
other compounding factors have been listed for this year as well.
The difference is that you come from a background where you see people eg your parents earning a good income and believe that a 100k loan is something you can actually afford in the long term. Someone from a poor background whose parents have never earned a high income would very likely see 100k debt as an impossible barrier they ll never get past, and consequently would be a lot less likely to take on the risk.If schools didn t soak the rich then the potential of the student from a poor background would never be realised, and humanity would be the worse for it.
Maybe they are relevant but you d have to put it in some way that describes their relevance. Old lady, trump, fite me! is not a meaningful attempt to start a discussion which is why you got groused at by a mod and flagged by users. It s not even clear she ever actually made the type of claim you re describing but the form of the comment is so poopy that s mostly beside the point.
Your landing page is crazy. Full screen image of awkward looking people talking without audio working tried a few things, can t get it to make a sound .Is the product a mobile phone application that you give access to your bank and it displays the same information your bank statement does but sorted into categories?
A number of theories suggest that cosmic inflation may be an effect of a false vacuum decaying into the true vacuum. The inflation itself may be the consequence of the Higgs field trapped in a false vacuum state.Basically the Big Bang may be younger than the matter in the universe.
more info Matt Ranney - presentation Senior Staff Engineer at Uber Matt Ranney at All Your Base 2015 30 min keywords Uber PostgreSQL Chaos Monkey-style failure testing WHAT WILL I LEARN?After this talk, you ll be able to better assess the risk from the different failure modes of databases in your system s architecture.
That would be shared source, not open source. Disallowing unauthorised distribution contradicts the definition of open source .
Come on, I wanted exactly this kind of keyboard barely visible but clicky and tactile, since the early 1990s! Now I have finally got it. It feels great.
What do you mean the US kept on Saddam ? Sadam was kept on initially because of what was going on in neighboring Iran if anything, certainly not because of his altruistic aspirations.Nasser was a credible leader and Pan-Arabism was a state policy under him . This is not the same thing as a delusional dictator invoking Pan-Arabism and invading his Arab neighbors. Quadafi also invoked Pan-Arabism at time, that did not make alive and well or a credible movement either. It was just a convenient ruse for another delusional dictator. These are not the same as Nasser at all.Pan-Arabism largely lost momentum after 1967 Six Day War with Israel in which Egypt was defeated. Nasser died a few years later which is why I said it died with him. Anwar Sadat made no mention of it subsequently.
I can t remember the last time I found a decent coupon code there.
How did you develop this mindset?
Seems reasonable
If this is your first time checking out Odysee and LBRY, welcome!First 10 replies with your LBC address with account history on hm get some additional LBC!
I drive in Australia, and I m not like what you have described.My general attitude is to be courteous. That doesn t mean I dont nip through on amber, or go over the speed limit by a couple kph, or park.However I do behave as I would want other to behave. I don t drive too close to cars in front. I zip feed always. I indicate, even if nobody is around. I treat bikes and bicycles like other cars. I defer to busses. I slow down and wave pedestrians across if it s safe. Just good manners really.
Criminalizing the sharing of food amongst humans is asinine, hard problem or not.
I m not sure I believe any after-the-fact reporting on this. Amazon has a lot of incentive to make it seem like there was ever a genuine competition.
Add 3-4 zeroes. Gephi is good for larger graphs but most of my use cases involve a compartmentalization context that isn t part of typical graph layout semantics including gephi .None of these tools are actually appropriate for the job, just never get the time to build something better.
welcome to life
Advertisers and their demands are cancer.
8 of our genome may be viruses that decided to live with us
If your argument is against atheism, you ll find no resistance from me. I could care less about the atheist movement or otherwise. That s the whole premise of critical thinking - to never align yourself because of a few common ideals. Atheism is a movement. Critical thinking is a way of life. That s why religion is such a hard pill to swallow. You can t, in good conscience, be a critical thinker AND believe in talking snakes. Once you come to that realization there is really no turning back. Then you see how religion corrupts indefinitely and absolutely.
Umm, yeah because nobody has chores to do. Cleaning, cooking, tidying, life admin, dealing with companies or people who are sucking away your time, home maintenance, etc etc
This is just the Recency Effect. Jobs has been in the media a lot because of his death, so people think of him more, much more than those of even a few years past.If Bill Gates had died instead, the poll would have shown the same kind of effect, as he would have been in people s minds as they took the poll.
That s the nice version of all of this.The less nice version is that it s all marketing and for-profit woo Buy these gold cables with 20 nitrogen and your MIDIs will sound crisper! Buy these fiber optic cables made with Genuine Himalayan Sea Salt and your bits will be better-formed! Buy my optoelectric isolator or you might as well be hooking your speakers to your turntable with a rusty wire coat hanger! Riddled with inscrutable lore is a prime diagnostic feature of all this it recurs in pseudoscience of all kinds, and the audiophile experience is pseudoscience-adjacent at least whenever it makes claims about reality. It s motte-and-bailey, to some extent This sounds Better , where Better is either completely subjective, or the result of objectively untrue and blatantly impossible claims they make about the gear they re selling.If everyone knows it s just pretend, sure. But false advertising and lying are morally wrong.
Many boring, everyday algorithms employ random choice or blinded inputs to prevent worst case execution.
Right, agree with you.But I m looking for something slightly different, i.e. whether there are any benchmarks on average marketing allocations for seed or series A rounds in the US early stage market ideally average but even vertical-specific would be great .Similarly to how there are standard benchmarks for other variables like dilution, round size, salaries, etc. assuming the company has early PMF .Ideally some kind of data set, but even just practitioner views would be fantastic.Perhaps this is just too deal-dependent to generalize, which I would also understand.
Yeah obviously the author has no problem with lying to people during interviews, so he probably gets the kind of jobs where liars are hired.
I agree about the JSX part - but the thing about real dev is that you have to use all the tools you can, so you don t have to reinvent the wheel. Nobody s still making Windows-only GUI apps using the Win32 API - it s easier and all, but there s so much stuff you have to code yourself that it s simpler to learn a GUI library framework and Just Use That. I had a quick glance at HTMX - and it seems to just be going backwards similar to Go - the language is so simple that it s actually hard to code real stuff in it . Why should I make an API that s essentially web only because you have to send back HTML from the server using HTMX if I can just use JSON Protobuf etc. and with just a few build tools I can automatically generate functions that I can call directly in JS. Sure, it s easier to build a website with plain JS and by that HTMX, which is glorified plain JS but this is the real world.
I just stumbled on W3 s ActivityPub and hope this takes off. If we can combine the independance of publishing and a way to link stuff together, it might go a long way to reduce our dependency on big platforms.
Well, one never knows. From one of my IVPN articles Sabu s downfall clearly illustrates the roles of intentionality, trust and time. Sabu Hector Xavier Monsegur was born in 1983, and started hacking in his early teens. 0 He reportedly hung out on EFnet IRC chat servers. Like most n00bs, he was careless. At least once, he apparently made the mistake of logging in without obscuring his ISP-assigned IP address. 1 And someone, perhaps the admin, was retaining chat logs. 2 That s to be expected. But based on those logs, they could link his various IRC nicknames, over time.Years later, Sabu became famous through LulzSec. I gather that he was playing elite hacker to a crowd of script kiddies. That apparently offended some of his old EFnet associates. 3 Plus the fact that LulzSec was causing trouble for them, professionally. And so they considered him a jerk, and eventually doxxed him.0
Our government, as you ve proved, is completely asleep at the wheel here.Um, and not the driver?
Raidforums where this list is originally from also only has the Austrian data and no Australian data.
If you ask me the world only needs two programming languages, Scheme and OCaml and it would be better if OCaml had s-expressions as syntax.
Wait, what? Alcohol is a carcinogen? I didn t know this.Here s link to the CDC s website, referenced in that article part from the CDC s website is also interesting Although past studies have indicated that moderate alcohol consumption has protective health benefits e.g., reducing risk of heart disease , recent studies show this may not be true. I didn t know that either. I always thought a glass of wine was healthy.
Other prominent Silicon Valley people with accents we re not sure what Graham considers strong include Vinod Khosla, Sun Microsystems co-founder and now a venture capitalist, Adobe s Shantanu Narayen, Tesla s Elon Musk, and a guy named Sergey Brin, co-founder of Google. No, none of those people have strong accents. When pg says strong he really does mean it - so strong that you cannot actually understand what the person is saying. Has anyone ever been tripped up by Brin or Musk s accents?As CEO, one of your main responsibilities is to be the chief communicator - with employees, investors, press, customers, etc. If you want to be a good verbal communicator, being understood is very important.
Highly recommend a stay at the Furnace Creek Inn in the summer time. There s a stone in-ground pool there surrounded by stone pillars. The pool naturally maintains a comfortable 85 degrees even at night. At night, if you re lucky, you will be presented with the most amazing night sky you ve ever seen. Then suddenly, you ll start to hear squeaks and as though a blanket were pulled over the star scape you ll realize there are thousands of bats overhead. Most will keep their distance, but during one of my visits one fell into the pool and was struggling to get out. Bats can carry rabies among other things, so had to be careful, but was able to nudge the bat to the edge of the pool with the combination of waves and a broomstick.Don t go hiking in the summer, though. Although I don t think any sane person would even consider it after spending just 15 minutes in 125 degree heat. It s still an experience like no other. If you go any other time of year you re simply not getting the full Death Vally Experience tm .
To validate a license key requires an active internet connection. This is for online web-based apps, with an emphasis on JavaScript apps built on Node, Electron, etc. Licenses are validated by making an authenticated GET request to something like Keygen isn t meant to be used for offline apps, as license validation requires an authenticated API request.
I wonder how this program s performance would look if they had recruited candidate members based on a predictive model of future utilization need rather than focusing on people who were already extremely complex high cost.
Yeah, I get on a technical level why this stuff gets flagged it s not tech-world enough, and I think a lot of us are here to escape Twitter but it s still pretty weird to see these significant issues dismissed as off-topic.I dunno, maybe there should be a politics branch or something where topics that aren t tech-related can go?
The plans on these pages are different, btw. The first one indicates a private option, but that all looks cleaned up in the parent link.
Batch auctions don t deal with the main area of high frequency shenanigans which is cross exchange arbitrage.I find this extremely difficult to believe, got any numbers to back it up? Surely the vast majority of the volume comes from market making activity...
That s the spoiler of a 1973 movie about a green flavor food product.
It is hard to be convinced that North Korea were responsible. I think people just can t see them having a sophisticated enough hacker culture within government to pull this off. Sure, maybe it was outsourced to Russia. But an internal op like this seems so unlikely given what we know.
You can t destroy a business when they have lobbyist that will get politicians to bail them out and send them socialism checks while they complain about people getting money to afford food.
Translation?
Does that mean that they could have sold the dog toy but not trademarked it? If so then that seems reasonable.
Would be a fun plot twist in a Bond-like movie. Baddies have used multiple encryption algorithms like an onion, which due to this issue can be broken rather easily by the good guys. Good thing they didn t know about this issue and put the weak cipher first...
war is not other means. It is the primal means of diplomacy from which all others spring forth.Clausewitz, the leading scholar of war in modern history, called it the continuation of politics by other means , so it s not so easily discredited. the idea that murder is a crime at the personal scale is underpinned by the threat of murderIt may be partly underpinned by that threat, but my choice not to murder is not because of some threat, but because I very strongly don t want to murder people. That is the case for almost all humans, except the sociopaths. I don t follow HN s guidelines because I m afraid of being banned, but because I want to treat people well and have a high-functioning community. People want to live peacefully, safely, see others prosper, etc. conflict happens because we feel threatened.The idea that people are fundamentally sociopaths seems like a popular assumption, and like many logical extremes, I think that is because of its logical clarity. It s a simple, easy theory to work from. But that s not how humans are.In the international arena, most relationships are not underpinned by threat of violence. For example, the relationships between most European countries are not that way - that s one reason Russia s attack is so shocking. France and Germany are not fundamentally deterred from fighting because of the threat of violence - why the heck would they shoot each other? They want to trade, see each other prosper and live freely, and make money. Though certainly, lacking an effective international government, it is more anarchic and violent than life in democracies.
The game broke my workflow
Isn t a normal number ever so subtly different from that? In that not only does every possible sequence of data occur in the digits of a normal number, but each sequence occurs an infinite number of times with likelihood proportional to the number of digits.Infinities always mix up my intuitions, though, so they might be equivalent.
Raddit is a terrible name....Lets name our product confusingly similar to the original, even though we claim the original is terribly flawed Don t eat at Joeys, most of the food contains poisons, eat at Joeez!
Who has a right to profit? Especially when profit comes from harm.I believe but cannot prove than most targeted advertising is fraudulant. When whistleblowers leak those metrics, this might be a self correcting problem.Meanwhile...There are plenty of other ways to run a business.metafilter, craigslist, ravelery.org, others do well, without harming their users.
I have the impression Tox withered and died, which is really sad considering how usable when compared to alternatives it is.
Actual article
Trolling HN like this will get your main account banned as well, so please don t.
I ve disabled adsense because it brings in like 0.60 wk. When I first got approved, it was like 8.00 day, but that slowly died down. Not sure why exactly. Adsense revenue isn t worth slowing down a site and angering users.I think it might be worth it if you had a few projects all running Adsense, like 10 sites, or something. Correct me if I m wrong?
Not sure if it s of any help, but I remember somebody on HN using chatgpt for this purpose and getting highly good results with essentially no effort this is the job, rewrite my resume in markdown format to match the job requirements
Scooters would be a great solution for the last mile in the suburbs where you have to walk 1.5km from the subway to homeAbsolutely, but that is contradictory to those companies business model. They try to maximize use, a single commuter taking the scooter from their home to the train subway station 2 times a day is very little use. Owning or long term renting makes more sense for that use case, and there s little a startup could bring there.
For some reason this reminds me of the part of Consider Phlebas where a Culture Mind contemplates it s own storage capacity in terms of hand written paper cards...
Hopefully now with more information available out there us workers can stand up more for ourselves and get more for the value of our labor and expertise!
The 80 20 rule applied to Github projects ?
There is not agreement on the fact you propose.
Uh, yeah, totally! Note the language used in your excerpt -- it s all finance and macro-scale consequences, job loss and less expensive services and economic growth. He talks about NASA trying to import Internet age thinking by which he means, of course, entrepreneurship and disruption into an analog world. Read some of the other posts and they re awash with the same language. Is it really that surprising that someone who wrote that turned out to be a regulator with reasonable positions on things like net neutrality?No, not at all! The position I ve been trying to take throughout this thread is that the perception of Wheeler being an ascended lobbyist read hostile to consumer interests was reasonable, in the absence of mainstream knowledge otherwise like eg this blog we re discussing . After reading the post from which you ve excerpted, I still think that perception holds. He s not pro-consumer, he s pro-capitalist. Just because the view espoused here established corps should not have the ability to extinguish potential competition, via regulation or fearmongering or citing national security happens to benefit consumers does not mean he s taking those actions for consumer benefit. Maybe obvious was a bit strong of a word Wheeler s writing is a bit heavy on long-winded metaphors... Really? I think I ve established myself as a fellow sentient, but whatever, maan.
This is exactly the reason I recently chose to move all my photos to Adobe Creative Cloud and also keep them backed up to multiple separate locations. Almost all other data I can recreate even if it took years but the memories I have through photos and videos are irreplaceable.
More so than junior developers? In my experience, junior programmer means you ll do ten times the work for one tenth the salary - and everyone will treat you like an idiot on top of that because, hey, if you were smart you wouldn t be a junior, amirite? .Still pays more than a grad student.
If possible, could you edit your post title to include Windows before Mobile ? People might think to post iPhone related resources here which is what I was going to do and you seem to make it clear that s not what you want -
An alternative conspiracy theory put Reddit down for two days to hide the existence of the protests from major users.E.g. many Google searches lead into private communities now. Word is spreading.
I personally see those AV causing substantial damage without providing any actual benefit, and thus I removed them from my computers over a decade ago. The is one exception though, Defender on Win11, which keeps coming back updates. So I m removing Windows with them.
is what I m referring to.Digging a little deeper it appears like McDonalds may have actually invented the sauce to appeal to the Dutch market, where fritessaus is popular instead of tomato ketchup . Because McDonalds is American, their take on fritessaus grew into it s own thing called American Fritessaus, or simply American Saus.
Given the extent of the five eyes NSA,GCHQ,DSD, etc taping of major fiber lines, Tor is almost certainly useless against the NSA even without backdoors. The NSA doesn t need to resort to expensive key cracking operations to break either the anonymity or confidentiality of Tor. They just have to be able to see entry and exit node traffic.From the original paper by the Tor developers A global passive adversary is the most commonly assumed threat when analyzing theoretical anonymity designs. But like all practical low-latency systems, Tor does not protect against such a strong adversary. --- Tor The Second-Generation Onion Router
Then why the guild-drama act?Why are users supposed to exercise skepticism about anything the core team says, without any information from the other side so that we may judge for ourselves where our skepticism is warranted?
These places are just an internet search away.
Ambiguous. Did you mean to compare the two comparisons, or the four people that is, are you saying Jobs Tesla?
The dark matter halos don t experience friction, and are incapable of emitting heat radiation to cool off and condense.If you take a bunch of marbles and put them in a big bowl they will roll around for a while but eventually end up in the bottom of the bowl because they keep running into each other. But if you put in special marbles that just pass through each other and don t experience friction then you ll end up with marbles rolling around the bowl everywhere for ever, which is the way dark matter works.
Nice spot on. The described qualities would also apply to philosophers, logicians, etc.I think a broader term would be, habits of highly analytical people.
The objective of this competition is to link spans of text in clinical notes with specific topics in the SNOMED CT clinical terminology. Participants will train models based on real-world doctor s notes which have been de-identified and annotated with SNOMED CT concepts by medically trained professionals. This is the largest publicly available dataset of labelled clinical notes, and you can be one of the first to use it!NER Named Entity Recognition Research groups as RDF is a Medical Terminology.SNOMED-CT a Terminology Service provides a query endpoint over a schema like SNOMED-CT which is a nonredistributable medical XML schema, which is challenging for Open Linked Data For SNOMED CT, ICD10 and MedDRA, the data are not included because they are not freely redistribuable but they can be downloaded in XML format. PyMedTermino includes scripts for exporting these data into SQLite3 databases.
that s untrue.what is true is that the one lab authorized to grow weed for federally funded research grows mids that are unrepresentative of commercially available medical and recreational weed.
Greed? Please Wall Street?I don t really know really. Maybe the executives are in fear they will be swept out if they are not delivering on hiking the stock price?
I don t understand what point you are trying to make. First you agree with the OP that the reviews being done by volunteers who can makes mistakes somehow makes Mozilla less culpable, then you jump in to say that these volunteers are just as accountable, technically capable and security wise as an employee would be.You only seem interested in letting Mozilla off the hook rather than acknowledging the systemic issues that gave rise to this situation. Also treating Mozilla as a company is not really the ideal mindset. Mozilla is at best a NGO, a foundation, who owns a company for legal reasons, who is also a community, who builds a ton of stuff.Except the Mozilla Corporation is the entity that develops Firefox and is a company. That company may be wholey owned by a non-profit, but it is still a company.
It is a fear piece, but the premise that the binary is not MIT-licensed is true. This is the same for the dotNET core binaries, they don t have the same license as the source either. Now I think of it, this probably applies to most open-source libraries including ASP.NET MVC. Perhaps because they use hardware-based signing of the binary?
Justifying lethal force against people running away astounds me.It s one thing if you re running away with nuclear launch codes, but I m skeptical that was the case here.
That s an incredibly high price. Of course, 1994 was before the Euro, but I m assuming there s a conversion factor you re using.That being said, I don t remember the exact price of OS 2 Warp but it was in the neighborhood of 100 and there were lots of specials to get it in peoples hands. IBM was first to market and had software to run windows 16-bit apps. I used OS 2 in college until the CS classes requiring 32-bit windows software that didn t have OS 2 equivalents. e.g. Borland C Builder Microsoft won the software chicken-egg problem.
A company that hires him signals that it has nothing to hide, so I think this might just work out fine for him.
I don t use any of those apps so I m not familiar with their underlying technology but it looks like they are all Electron apps.If that s the case, then yes, screen-sharing should be much easier once they migrate to Electron 12 since they will become native Wayland apps and will be able to use the Wayland protocols for screen-sharing.
You are all quick judging here, let s not forget presumption of innocence
Having this depend on env vars is an anti-feature in my mind. It s much harder to ensure env vars are set to the right values in all situations then it is to just use some well-known paths.
I know people here are mostly focused on the robots themselves, but as someone who was penniless through college, the more shocking thing to me is how affluent and luxurious the lifestyles of average college students are today. A minority is because they have rich parents paying for everything, but there s a huge lifestyle inflation of middle-class and working-class kids funding the lifestyle with student loans.College students 1950-2010 survive on ramen, peanut butter and canned tuna, live with roomates, walk everywhere, shop in thrift storesCollege students today get robot-delivered restaurant food, complain about lack of parking on campus from their new iphone, demand tax-payers pay back the student loans they took out to live in luxury for 4 years
Loss of smell not the stuffy nose kind is a good indicator that you have covid.Not losing smell tells you almost nothing, especially since Omicron. Before that, even if it was frequent, most of the people with covid didn t have this symptom so it was only a weak indicator.But speaking of reassurance, not losing taste and smell is great simply because you don t lose taste and smell. It is one of the most annoying mild covid symptoms. And severe cases are becoming less and less common.
I haven t started using EMs yet only researching it , but they do state that they support bridging Oops, i should have also clarified that the free account does NOT seem to include bridges...but the paid accounts do for an additional nominal cost honestly seems a fair price
FUD you say?Please explain how one can permanently or even significantly delay a security update in Windows 10 Home and Professional? While one generally wants security updates, there are time when one does not. There could be something in the new patch that clashes with some hardware combinations and a new patch could render my machine unusable.As far as privacy and data protection, here are some quotes from a recent article in pcadvisor.com After writing this article in June 2015 before Windows 10 was released, there was quite the backlash from people who felt that their privacy was being invaded by Windows 10, and rightfully so. Not only is Microsoft now urging people to upgrade to Windows 10, but it s almost forcing them.The reason appears to be data harvesting. Windows 10 collects a variety of data, some for improving the effectiveness of features such as Cortana. There are ways as you can see below , even before installing Windows 10 to disable most of these features and prevent your information from being captured in the first place. By switching them off, you ll have more privacy, but how much more data Microsoft is collecting is anyone s guess. We certainly can t say that you can prevent 100 percent of your data from being sent to Microsoft, but it s safe to say that Windows 10 does have the most data harvesting of any version of Windows yet. By switching them off, you ll have more privacy, but how much more data Microsoft is collecting is anyone s guess. We certainly can t say that you can prevent 100 percent of your data from being sent to Microsoft, but it s safe to say that Windows 10 does have the most data harvesting of any version of Windows yet.
Given how often those Monopoly sets get completed never I am assuming this will be equally rare. It is one of the better promotions I ve seen though - spend the advertising budget on free meals to customers, get shared like crazy through social media.
Very nice. Like my own stuff, you have an index file and dependent media per folder, which is the only real way to scale out beyond a few dozen pages my site has a few more - suggestion I d make is to do two passes one to index all the inter-page links, another to actually render the templates. I do that and full text search with SQLite
In our effort to continuously improve customer experience, the path-style naming convention is being retired in favor of virtual-hosted style request format. Customers should update their applications How does forcing customers to rewrite their code to confirm to this change, improve customer experience?
You can t really go from USDT - USD directly. You go from USDT - BTC and then BTC - USD. So the drop in BTC is really people accepting fewer BTCs for the same USDT.
No, alas no material to refer to, other than my own experiences at several places in the food chain.At the moment I m having fun developing again, but I have had experience of management as well.Obviously my experience does not speak to all cases, and I m fortunate that most middle managers I ve dealt with are competant.I am in the fortunate position of being able to speak truth to power though, and generally been able to dispassionate translate technobabble into managerspeak, and help all the layers understand each other better.I ve found that when both sides understand as much as they able the complex demands being encountered, more realistic expectations and demands are made and usually achieved. But I ve been lucky. I ve had good dev teams, good middle management, and good product owners. Who have all been pulling together to make projects successful. When one group is pulling the other way, things get tougher.
dead
Started very slow, but the points made at the end were more technical and indeed very interesting.Watched it sipping sugared tea over a slice of apple pie though.
That s true, but since the model is bigger than GPT-2, I can basically use it as a query language for a database.If the model is smaller, I still do that, sure, but I can only ask basic questions about the English language and so on. But if it has more neurons, it s capable to index a lot of questions about e.g. proper Python usage.
Or when they collected the wrong passwords you entered and used then to try to access your other web accounts to collect data?
I paid a significant markup for an Eizo monitor not because I care about the color accuracy and all that but for OSD where I don t mind adjusting several times a day.
Anyone have a non-paywall link? 12ft.io isn t working for me
Think in terms of force, it has enough force to raise itself on Mars.
Subscriptions is now available as part of their API. It does require a bit of time to understand it though. - May vary depending on your level of experience with GraphQL
The big question is what is the solution to all this that doesn t involve 3 big players buying out all the rest? Is it even possible to get these guys to all play together in some kind of shared space.
No no, they literally have to use GPT-3 to write their compliance documents.
I understand why you would see the particular law you are describing as anti-male - however most laws related to children are the way they are because they are not about the welfare of the adults at all.The law is thinking something along the lines of children need to be taken care of the government doesn t have the money whoever happens to be sitting on the musical chairs the first several years of the child s life, pays. The buck has to stop somewhere. On the flip side of the same law, a non-biological father would be awarded custody if they have formed a parental bond with the child .Some more things to consider before you call the law anti-male . One, if it were not the custodial parents, it would have to be the even more random taxpayers. Two, non-biological mothers pay too. Three, these laws are flawed for historical reasons, and these same reasons have impoverished women far longer than men.There are bona fide inequalities, of course. For example, men tend to pay significantly more child support than women. However, given how men make more in general, even that still leaves men better off on average. For example, average income for non-custodial mothers is 15k year, average income for non-custodial fathers is 40k year.
That s nice, but it shouldn t be forbidden to violate users privacy, it should be impossible.Work for just about any company, tech or otherwise, in a sysadmin role. There is always going to be some way for a smart, malicious admin to get into things.Snowden is maybe the best example. If an organization with an insider threat risk profile as high as the NSA s can t get it right, then you can be pretty certain almost no one else is either.
Bitlocker, Truecrypt, dm-crypt, PGP WDE will encrypt your data but leave something unencrypted in order to boot from it.I m not advocating against full disk encryption. That s what I use. I just wanted to say that the OP doesn t need boot volume verification and that Bitlocker is sufficient for his needs.
At least in tech this has been mostly worthless in CA where your equity makes up 25-75 of your total comp and isn t required to be reported since it isn t your salary .
I m working on an open source firebase-like database that puts realtime sync replication master-master p2p at its core, rather than an after thought which a lot of other databases MySQL, MongoDB, etc. do. The RethinkDB guys are smart and I m glad they are pushing in this direction, it is important. My project is at if anybody is interested.
I recently tried to parallelize some non trivial code I have with multiprocessing.map imap imap_unordered - the state of parallel computing in python is really poor have to say. If the program s CPU runtime has gotten so long that you d think about parallelizing, its datastructures tend to be too much to push through the pickle bottleneck and no gain would be had. Except of course number crunching stuff for which there s numpy. Bottom line is, you can do parallel computing, but trying to parallelize after the fact will usually fail, you have to plan for it from the very beginning due to no shared memory, which would add significant time until your first version is up and runningI long for a dynamic but strictly typed language with rich standard lib that gets this right. Nim?
I wouldn t call any of these low-hanging fruits. Implementing these from backend side is not trivial. The last one basically needs ML model, unless you want to hardcode things remember, there are other languages than English too . I find Fastmail search acceptible.
Nobody in their right minds thinks that this is the ideal way to get it under control, but it s one of the ways that can contribute to herd immunity.It can also contribute with mutations...
And forcing Facebook to publish points of view they disagree with doesn t harm the Bill of Rights?
Well, other western countries did use DDT heavily, e.g. Italy 0 . Besides, it s not like the means used in the 1930s didn t have a significant ecological effect...I ll note that the modern suggestions to eradicate Malaria are more nuanced and at least try to only affect the parasite host. e.g. releasing sterile males, immunizing the mosquitoes against the parasite 1 , ATSBs, a GM fungus to poison mosquitoes, making human blood deadly to the parasite 2 , etc.IMHO I m far from an expert , the most promising seems to be releasing sterile males followed by some of the other approaches to deal the death blow to the parasite though if the mosquito goes I won t be bothered . 0 I wonder whether this can scale... 2
But IMO unless you run a very hardened setup, protecting against evil maid attacks wherein the attacker has physical access to your machine in its entirety is really hard, and possibly always will be.Can you describe an evil maid attack on an encrypted disk that gets unlocked by the user s entering a passphrase?
That would work for the total consumption, but if you notice that that is too high, you will still have to run around with a power consumption monitor to identify the individual culprits. Of course, a display saying you are currently using 1300 Watts would be easier than having to estimate it from how fast the wheel on the meter is turning, but replacing every meter everywhere is not the most environmentally friendly thing to do either...
I honestly only notice the difference once in a while, when an obscure app isn t compatible. And screen sharing is still kinda hit or miss.
Roam is
Or, you could say that Meta is focused on an audience that doesn t have a highish end gaming PC, and have a relatively small budget say 400 , which is probably most. For realistic hardware spread, see they do still support that type of user with AirLink USB. Problem is, there s not enough of those users, so many of the developers target Quest users, which where the eyes are.I think a step function in VR quality, which requires a step function in the number of eyes behind a powerful system, will come with PSVR 2.
I really would like to see red shifted lighting use of flux or similar on all devices compared in efficacy to more extreme no lighting what so ever. I personally have no felt a difference but I am wary of that being wishful thinking on my part as I don t want to cut out computer use.
It just feels like a bad approach to making money. Theres nothing wrong with focussing on money as heartless as it may sound. Also why believe that Google trends are useful proxy what might be viral ? The issue seems to be a lack of precision in execution than simply lack of passion. Also passion hypothesis is deeply flawed and is a source of major mental issues and career dissatisfaction. Please read Carl Newport s book for the anecdotal evidence the book is So Good They Cant Ignore You . Here it just feels like the OP didnt apply the skills efficiently.
This is already in planning 1 for a few years, and recently progressed further 2 . 1 2
Have the 1 veto but hire anyway cases gone poorly?
How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? --They cant, its a hardware problem.
ping yahoo.com Haha, I still do this out of habit too.
I can t stand Trump, and I personally find it hard to believe. There s a reason they got banned from military bases.
mb_72 sorry for being off-topic and direct - did you move from Australia to Estonia? If so, why?
Like all IBM projects now day the bulk of the work was done in India for likely less than 5 CAD hr,This was a PeopleSoft install with customization and IBM typically doesn t use India workers for those types of projects. I don t know of this Canada project in particular but I have knowledge of half a dozen other IBM PeopleSoft contracts with the government and they use onsite developers for it. One of the big reasons is the consultants must pass a federal background check which requires USA citizenship. I would assume Canada has a similar requirement.Also, IBM doesn t have a PeopleSoft delivery solution center in India to do this work. Last I checked, IBM does have a SAP delivery team in India.
Because each single browser out there has a different understanding of what HTML CSS JS means.Making web sites that comply to customer requirements down to pixel level, across all required target browsers is a major pain.
NYC as a whole not being desperate still makes throwing billions in income for residents, not all of whom make as much as Amazon would bring, a dumb move.Amazon s role is not charity. It is to be as productive as possible. NYC does have the role in being a good steward of resources for its citizens. It threw out a lot of money and job for them due to a vocal minority.
Are children less likely to spread the disease than adults? You don t wear masks to protect yourself, they re generally bad at that, you wear them to not spread disease to others.
I ve also seen a hotel in Canada proxying all e-mail one sends unencrypted via port 25. One more reason to use a VPN in hotels.
Does your cofounder read HN? You might find yourself reading this thread in court.... or your cofounder might turn up here to comment.
No criteria. I think the problem is with the low number of seats available. A similar quality of education can be made available at a much larger scale if the country is so motivated. It s understandable that not all branches of engineering at other universities can acquire the kind of funding that IITs have. Apart from some specialized lab equipment, there is no technical reason all universities can t offer a comparable quality of education all over India. There are only bureaucratic reasons.
News are bad for you and bad for democracy. News are not what we think about when we think about the word news , ie, reporting about important issues in the world, put in perspective -- historical perspective, geographical perspective, etc.Actual news are, in essence, gossip. They destroy people s ability to think and reason.News agencies are the worst. They define the agenda, what is important and what isn t. They pollute the news ecosystem right at the source.Adblock is one way to fight back. Not the only way but a good way.
After hearing Fred Wilson talk I d definitely say Union Square Ventures. At least your best east coast option, together with First Round.
Looks great. Any plans for a Wordpress based theme revolving around this or a plugin?
My reaction?I suppose my reaction would be to answer the question.
Simone Giertz the video s creator is what you could call a professional DIYer. She has an 8 year old Youtube channel dedicated entirely to making weird or beautiful stuff. She happens to also be good at a specific flavor of marketing, but just because the maker part appears easy when she demonstrates it I wouldn t conclude that anyone with the right idea could have reached the same end result. There is a lot of skill and experience still involved.
that s still breaking the license
takes me much longer to recover after strenuous exercise than it did when I was youngerThe biggest difference I feel is proclivity to small but reoccurring injuries in certain weak spots...
Same here. No pricing info provided until you sign up. Not ideal.
That argument is what tyrants thrive on. Sometimes you need to decide.
The US was always reluctant on taking part of any GW negotiations, and never a leader of any one. Their political capital is clearly irrelevant.We ll get better results from improvements on alternative power than from political agreements anyway.
You are missing my point entirely here. This is not some psychological comfort thing or whatever nonsense you re offering.I m saying that we are currently talking about a topic that I happen to know a lot about and you happened to start thinking about when the conversation started.So when you say that you aren t sure if things sound kind of plausible it doesn t actually hold any weight to the conversation because again it s clear you don t have any of the required background to have an informed opinion to give here.It s not a personal attack or anything, but it s also nothing to do with trying to make myself feel better.
I guess faith is a knob. You can dial it down when explaining it to a critic and dial it up when exerting control over an adherent.
Small string optimization doesn t help that much. Chrome s use of std string accounts for almost half of all allocation
They could introduce an app store for windows8 where only MSFT approved apps could run.They might not get many desktop upgrades from Win7 though !
Absolutely right! I left out some details to try to keep the post concise. 4 years ago at Airbnb we had the watch app problem, but now a Swift watch app wouldn t be an issue since the latest OSs don t require embedded Swift standard libraries. The tweet that started this thread cited the 300 mb size of Uber s app, which looks like the current install size not thinned , that s why I used it as the benchmark in my explanation.Lately Apple has been featuring size more prominently on the App Store, and it appears to be displaying the install size. This is also what users see when they look at which apps are taking up storage on their device in Settings. I think it s important to reduce both, so users see a good number and downloads are fast efficient. It is a very welcome change that binary encryption doesn t negate all the gains from compression anymore. I had noticed it in the numbers but looked around for an official statement and didn t find any, if you happen to know where this was announced I d appreciate a link!
All European welfare states have been in the process of dismantling privatising post Reagan Tatcher e.g. in Berlin the city sold most public housing estates to private investors decades ago .They haven t deteriorated as fast as the US and UK but the trend is clear.
Were you not able to make an inference from the post count of that thread?
I wouldn t bother. They are so far behind both Bing and Google that trying to play catch up in the search game is simply a lost cause.They have significant traffic and brand loyalty for certain services finance, sports, etc . They need to focus on that, not chase a game they lost ages ago search .
I feel like GitHub is partially being overrun by cheap and easy repositories to farm for stars, why would you ever need a README maturity model?
Regarding this and previous discussions on this topic on HN, it seems to me that one of the primary motivating factors when constructing a new ranking system should be the possibility of cyclical dominance a la rock paper scissors, which we should expect to see in many modern complex games. If one wanted to solve that problem, I think it would require some form of multidimensional ranking. Then one would have added flexibility so you could accurate predict winners from the scoring with some function f x_1,x_2 even in cyclical cases. This would be less interpret-able, but it would have a fair shot at actually modelling predicting depicting the dominance relationships between players.
Two things - where is mother nature github repo so I can file a pull request to patch atoms size- I m happy about the constraints actually, I m pretty sure there s plenty of space at the software layer to improve use of hardware
As a maintainer, don t fall into the trap of putting every possible exclusion into the repo s git ignore. This really is a sticky plaster approach in my view. What we should try to do is up-skill and educate the community, so it benefits everyone in the long run.Strong disagree. Please do continue trying to educate the community, but that s no reason to take the guardrails off.
Constant dripping wears the stone is my advice. You have to phrase wrap your critique in positive words or your opinion will be met with disdain.
Not only your own detection range, but those of other vessels and listening stations that are aligned with you.
No one interjected anything. Author wanted to talk about both. Author did not changed topic, author set it.
We should encourage more smoking because then people will have less time to fondle their phones and like tiktoks
I m really glad to see that the concept is starting to take off.It makes me sad that it s not happening in the US. If some folks in the government and business don t get their heads out of their asses a growth industry is going to bypass us entirely.
At the extreme, shifting left becomes BFD Bug Free Development. Just write correct software at the beginning.
I am not exactly sure to be honest. I think it s the disparity between the working conditions and benefits between customer support and the rest of the org.
My favorite Scriptable is from a different developer an iOS app that lets you automate things by writing JavaScript. use this to schedule notifications, create widgets e.g. to show AQI from PurpleAir , and do quick text processing automation.
I think the GP specifically meant no way of legally purchasing some big-name-production-house-licensed title as a DRM-free digital-native asset , the way you currently can with e.g. iTunes DRM-free AAC audio files.
It is always, always, always better to have a delay in version 2.0 than that a delay in version 1.0.
From my experience, there is a connection between mother and child from birthThat s not experience , it s just the 1950 s dogma on the role of men and women dressed up in think-of-the-children.And even then nutritional benefits of breastfeeding don t require the mother s presence, or men could choose a period after weaning for their leave.
It is how mental health works though.The DSM can record whatever the community wants as an illness.
BTW, your topic was translated to Russian and posted to popular Russian IT resource Habrahabr. Here you can read comments
At least we re still pioneering something, not anything meaningful like the economy or medicine, but good old authoritarianism
Yes, exactly. What I think the poster was suggesting is that, in theory, now is a good time to be investing in LC loans -- because the rates will be driven up due to the lower availability of capital on the platform. If he was suggesting something else then I m in the same boat as you, hehe. - I do tend to think that the institutional investors hedge funds are quite likely to know more than you do however, which could instead mean that this is an early signal would be a foolish play.
Immersing is incredibly frustrating challenging when your comprehension is For me, I ve found that having audio for every card is invaluable. Preferably audio from the source where you first encountered the word for me that s mostly Youtube or Netflix . I m working on a chrome extension to make this easier. Not only does it make it much easier to remember the word by a pretty significant margin , but it has done wonders for my pronunciation as well.I ve written a little bit about my process here 0 , but it s changed a little since I wrote that. 0
Or Amazon Handmade? Does anyone know if Amazon treats Handmade sellers the same as standard Amazon sellers?
Different company, but Lam Research had a finance CEO, he had to resign because he liked leading women on with career advancement promises more than running a critical infrastructure company. Now there s an ex-engineer project-manager in the CEO position. So, according to the board members of these companies, finance heads are out, engineering-heads are in. Let s hope it works and lets hope it sticks for good.
you have a HDHP?
What does it mean to not believe in IQ?I believe that IQ exists, but I don t believe it s an effective measure of the things people typically expect from it once you get into average or above average scores.Leaving aside the problem of the tests themselves and how they re conducted, I suspect that even a perfect test wouldn t predict how well a person would manage their life, perform in their job, or contribute positively to society.At the low end, IQ testing can identify individuals with problems that will certainly cause them difficulties, but a person with a high IQ won t necessarily outperform someone with an average IQ in tasks that aren t IQ tests.
Try weworkremotely.com, it is a dedicated remote job site
I m confused why they are so doom and gloom over this amazing new language Perl 6 that is nearly a stable release.Cf various rants by chromatic, eg
I do agree with you.And I would go further to mention magnetism. I think the model S with its ac motor might not rely on magnets, but the model 3 and other cars probably have powerful permanent magnets that require a completely different kind of caution.I just hope we can forge a path now rather than later. We need future scientists and engineers to be safe but creative.
No. He s annoyed that a company tried to automatically detect whether or not he was reading the e-mail and got it wrong. The only thing worse than having to manually do something is to have it automatically done wrong for you.
Yep, definitely. Here s a quick look at Marriott s ownership structure, which is an operating model shared by many other global hotel brands
For the philosopher physics is a bridge to reality,The claim that physics plays that special role within philosophy is itself a philosophical claim. If you want to justify it you ll have to study some philosophy!More generally, your attitude is one that s typical of physicists these days, who tend to approach the philosophical literature with a huge superiority complex. That s not an attitude that was shared by the 20th century s greatest physicists.
When it comes to corporate tax avoidance, the only headlines to take seriously are Company x paid x amount of tax on x profits . If it says Company x made x amount of revenue or Company x had x income last year its not worth reading, companies are taxed on profit, not revenue.
Did they publish any papers on AlphaGo Master ?AFAIK the 2016 Nature paper is Alpha Go Lee. And now we skipped to AlphaGo Zero.
Yes, but Serverbörse machines are very non-uniform, which may be bad for load balancing. See yourself
I ve said it before and I ll say it again other imperative scripting languages feel like incomplete subsets of Perl. And the community is fantastic.
Let s consider the obvious choices by examing the TIOBE top 10 1. C - Not really the target audience of a tool like this.2. Java - See above, plus plenty of competition.3. C - See C.4. Objective-C - See C, also arguably a bit of a niche iOS .5. C - See Java, VirtualStudio dominates.6. PHP - Yeah, right.7. Visual Basic - Who are you kidding?8. Python - Oh, right.9. Perl - Only ranks high because of sys admins.10. JavaScript - Already covered.11. Ruby - Like Python, see below.Basically your question seems to boil down to either of these 1. Why was Python picked over Java C ?2. Why was Python picked over Ruby?As for 1 the answer should seem obvious if you consider the category the three languages JS, Clojure and Python share. Plus, the market is very different and the competition is very strong and established.As for Ruby It s probably personal preference. There really isn t any objective reason to pick Python over Ruby or vice versa. The two are more similar than either of them would like to admit and they are perfectly interchangeable in most situations.
But few advertise wholsesale price and then they add Our profit .
No that s not how it works. You re making up definitions and applying your own meaning. This sort of thinking breaks language entirely. It s along the same lines of saying there are multiple genders and you can make up any on the spot and apply them whenever you feel like. Language doesn t work anymore if you do this.Expecting others to know what s happening in your own head and getting offended when they don t is absolute insanity. This is why we have language standards.
You can try it out without installing anything using this link
Right, the tradeoff in time resources for doing upfront formal verification vs fixing bugs after they are found is almost never worth it. Formal verification isn t even used for most aerospace software.
Other people s code shouldn t be in my HOME if I didn t put it there explicitly. If it s part of the dependencies of a project, it should be either in a cache directory of that particular project, or in the cache directory of the build tool that preferably conforms to XDG , like all sane build tools do. GOPATH is an incomplete thus incorrect solution to a problem that was being solved correctly and completely in other languages like Ruby .It s weird that the Go developers were working in such isolation that they didn t pick up on this. All programming languages that I know of that work on modern tooling Haskell, Rust, Node.JS, even C ! adopted the Ruby style dependency management when it turned out to be correct years ago.
The foregoing interaction with lacampbell might be an analogy of how society fails creative types. They are often awkward, abrasive people who insist on doing things their own way. As a result they are denied jobs, ostracised socially in the name of friendliness and generally swept under the rug.I d like to think I m not particularly awkward or abrasive. I m not some cold hearted monster that has no empathy, or never helps or shows kindness to strangers. But you rightly point out that I reject being compelled to help all and sundry. A charitable act should be mine to perform freely.
Hard to provide good advice without knowing why you re depressed. Given that, there are a few things that are probably going to be helpful Stop caring what other people think. This is at the root of so much suffering it s ridiculous. Other people will try to guilt you into caring if they know you think this way, they re just being selfish, ignore it. Find the positive aspects of things that initially appear negative. Challenges are opportunities for growth. Forget your big goals. Learn to set small goals you can achieve today, and trust that your daily success will lead to long term success. Find something to be passionate about, and chase it. If your life is just an endless procession of unpleasant chores, of course you re going to be depressed.
OK, I apologize in advance for being that guy but I feel compelled to ask are there any practical applications of this, in the sense of applications of the normal calculus derivative eg, slope rate of change . That is, would I ever calculate this derivative to solve any kind of real world engineering problem or anything? Or does this serve solely in the realm of pure theoretical mathematics?
Is there a full list of the differences between the graal jit and C2? I was only aware of graal having better partial escape analysis over C2 s conservative EA.
yeah lagging for me too
In fact, he believes one day all the Uber cars on the road may be driving themselves. What piece of cars driving themselves does Uber have? Uber has an app. Google has self driving cars and they can also build an app. So he is basically describing Google s future, not Uber s.
It s funny that the term Market Rate is used but, the actual market is never really mentioned.Ann is paid 170,000 in the Bay Area because that what all the other developers of her caliber are willing to exchange their time and expertise for.A company would pay Ann 50,000 if it could. They only hire people who they think they will eventually make more from their labor than they will pay the person.If you are Google, you will make roughly 1M per employee currently. For Software Developers that number is even higher, for Sr. Software Developers that number is even higher. The fact that how you get paid and how much value you generate don t have much of an effect on each other is basic capitalism.What s smart is to be Ann, get a 170k salary and move to Costa Rica and keep the 170k because at the end of the day, she wouldn t have been hired if she didn t make more than 170k of value for the company.
No one said the US used nukes to spare Japanese civilian deaths. They did it to end the war which was killing thousands of people a day from both sides, and that was before an invasion that would easily kill over a million people.The Japanese leaders still thought they could negotiate an honorable surrender that would allow them to keep the lands they had brutally enslaved.They still believed in the Kamikazi, the Divine Wind which destroyed the invasion fleet of the worlds most dominant and brutal military machine just before it could brutally subjugate Japan. They thought they could arm children, the elderly, housewives, or turn them into suicide bombers and kill so many of the invaders that the bloodbath would force the US to agree to their terms.US leaders really had no choice. If they tried to wait out the Japanese without using the bomb, the family of every sailor and pilot who died in those many months would be rightfully angry. They d be out for blood against the entire sitting US government in the next election. Just as the families of the hundreds of thousands of dead US soldiers would be, after finding out the US invaded without using the bomb.By ending the war more quickly with the bomb, US leaders also saved the lives of an immense number of Japanese who were being fired-bombed, shot and starving in huge numbers.General US Grant was renowned for fighting brutal battles of attrition intended to bleed the confederate armies of soldiers, between his forces and theirs his battles created casualties of 350,000 Americans. But before he was given total command of US forces nearly a half million had already been killed. He ended the war after one last bloody year that was costing nearly 200,000 lives a year, and killing civilians by the many thousands.
Higher interest rates are part of the game, or of reality, if you want to put it that way. So, yes, it was a reality check and it has proved that that company could only be viable under very particular economic circumstances i.e. interest rates being close to zero
What it clearly states is that the symlink is expected to exist, with no assurance that something sane will happen if it doesn t.
India is not a Hindu country though.. AFAIK there are no countries run using Hindu mythology
You are probably only using Gnome and GTK3 applications. Everything else lags behind because in Wayland you need to reinvent everything for each WM and toolkit . Everything is also incompatible because of all those reimplementations, so if you don t just stick to the one true Gnome way, it will be broken. If you just do what Fedora is designed for, I agree that it can be fine.
The problem is that nobody ever tells you these things, the documentation doesn t cover them and as a result everyone still uses the terrible original syntax.
The most substantial joy isn t in winning races or setting PRs. It s in the running.
It s comments like this that make me thrilled I work from home.
What capital risks? Private equity many times purchases a company, loads it up with debt, strips it off assets, pay themselves fat dividends and then walks away when it all falls apart.
Title editorialized for clarity.The issue appears to be reproducible in a sense in the comments. The best theory is that Copilot injects emoji after each bot paragraph outside of the LLM itself and therefore ignoring the user s constraint, meaning the LLM has to attempt to resolve the contradiction.
It s interesting that Canada decides to regulate from 8.75 Hz on up compared to 9 Hz for the U.S.Also, does anyone know why 275 GHz is the cutoff?
solar gives you cancerIs that hyperbole or are they seriously saying that?
Twitter was just starting to share favorites when I stopped using it. What a terrible decision that was.
helps container ships operate. Errors matter here. They solved them. Please show me where the scam is here?
The algorithms probably aren t that great, and more of them would likely have diminishing returns. Adding substantially more false positives could actually be a bad thing.As someone else mentioned. The 35k parameters is skeptical. Taleb and Tversky and Kahneman have good evidence that most algorithms are better with less parameters. The more parameters, the more noise.
Yeah, but unless you re putting the down payment on a house every year, that s an extra 110K post-tax! dollars every year after the first. I can t imagine how I could spend that much money, especially since the mortgage and car payments are already taken care of.
Wave was never federated. They announced plans to federate, and released a severely limited version of Wave as open source, but they never federated the reference implementation at wave.google.com.The open source code doesn t include one of my favorite features, too... inline private messaging. If we want that back now we have to code it from scratch.
Source???
Côte d Ivoire?What do you mean official latin name ? Seems to me the only Latin alphabet language without diacritics is English, but then we do use them in English for certain borrowed words façade, piñata or fringe uses coöperate . I wonder how these are handled in a context like the UN where multiple languages are used.
You d need a LOT of grass.
How do you get your ARS income into BTC though? Surely the government tries to put controls on that too? Or is there a black market for btc too with a similar high spread? Genuinely curious
But doesn t Typescript compile to JS, thus there s actually no type-checking at runtime?Sure, but that s what happens in every other language e.g. C s type system will enforce certain properties for you but when you compile to machine code the machine code is not checking those properties at runtime. If you know the compiler is correct you don t have to worry.Nobody is saying you should stop writing tests but a good type system will mean you have to write less tests because the type system will do some of the checking for you in a more robust way.
The phone and online coding exercises are called pre-screening. Their goal is not to find out if you re a good programmer, but if you can write code at all. This is to save time and see as many candidates as possible.
Today I learned. Thanks for correcting me.
especially if users are still in the tens of thousandsI ve got unit tests over business methods backed by SQLite that say otherwise.The biggest benefit with SQLite is being able to ship your customers 1 self-contained binary distribution that just works . Anything beyond this and we are talking about nasty customer-owned database instances or us shipping docker containers and hoping the gigantic abstraction bubble doesnt pop on us.
I m not sure what qualifies as old -- I would use finger if anyone still launched xinetd by default. I use sftp a bit. That s probably better supported than ftp, but has essentially the same user experience. I use IRC as well as discord and, of course, I use SMTP and IMAP quite a bit. I set up a Gopher server about a decade ago and it looks like I forgot about it and it hasn t been active for the last 5 years. I think three people visited it over 5 years.Oh. I m trying to setup a Genera server, and it requires NFSv2, so I think that counts as an old protocol. And honestly, Microsoft s lackluster support of mDNS in WSL has me thinking I m going to launch an NIS Yellow Pages NFS Home Directory server in my house so I can use host names instead of IP addresses for my home LAN with WSL.I m just sort of remembering when I worked for Convex in the early 90s. We had a bazillion x terminals and NIS NFS, so you could wander around the building and log in anywhere. The X Terminals knew how to authenticate you using NIS and your home directory would follow you from supercomputer to supercomputer. I think some people had set up virtual desktops so when you logged out of one X Terminal and logged into the next, your desktop bounced back up right where you left off.Oh. And we had fiber to the terminal so a couple machines could do video conferencing between our buildings and the UT Dallas campus next door.Ah. The good old days, when stuff just worked obviously I m not talking about video conferencing here. Dang if that wasn t nearly impossible to set up. But everything else was pretty seamless.
This doesn t cause an exit for me on GNU bash 3.2.57
What? Google are dictating your technology solution here and penalising you if you don t do exactly what they want.Google is protecting the quality of the UX for its product web search . If you choose to a technical solution that makes search results bait-and-switch for mobile users, it treats your search results as less-likely-to-be-valuable-to-users, because they are. This is bad news for consumersIts good news for mobile users of Google search. What consumers are you talking about, and how is it bad news for them? and web mastersIts bad news for bad web masters, sure. and they re dressing it up as if it s the developers fault when a separate site is a perfectly reasonable solution.They aren t penalizing developers for using a separate mobile site, they are penalizing you for redirecting all links to the regular site to the homepage of the mobile-specific site. Redirecting from specific pages on the regular site to the specific, relevant content on the mobile site is not penalized. It s not Google s job to dictate our solutions.No, its Google s job to assure that their search engine provides relevant, quality results to their users, which is why they penalize sites that do things which would result in users not get relevant, quality results.
My userscript for Greasemonkey users
our legal system is shockingly low-tech and hasn t yet caught up to what technology now allows.Are there ways to improve this? What do you think the hurdles to technology adoption are in this field? Is it a document formatting problem, or a hosting problem?Do we need to create a WordPress for state and local courts to adopt?
It was in the sense of that kind of discussion probably not interesting to most people on HN.If it s a civil, informed, high level discussion of the topic by experts, I think it s a good discussion for HN. Just have some sensibility to avoid or explain the very technical details. Borrowing a paragraph from the guidelines On-Topic Anything that good hackers would find interesting. That includes more than hacking and startups. If you had to reduce it to a sentence, the answer might be anything that gratifies one s intellectual curiosity.
Here s an example of where metrics go wrong and create bad incentives.What Twitter and virtually everyone else, to be fair are doing is optimizing for the number of issues taht are dealt with automatically by some ML system or whatever. This is a bad idea because it incentivizes false positives and the only recourse is kicking up a big enough stink on social media such that an actual human looks at it. Even appeals get automated in this universe.Here s what you should optimize for the number of cases a human support person can deal with per unit time . Appeals must be manually reviewed so will drop the cases hour. This disincentivizes false positives. If you optimize for this kin dof system you will use automated systems to funnel cases to a human for review.I know of several people who have gotten suspended or banned off these platforms for completely stupid reasons that any human looking at it would recognize. I m wary of bad regulation here and certainly don t think people have a right to be on Twitter for eample but I do believe people should have a right to human review for any ban and you should able to challenge that ban in court if you have to. There should be no we can ban you for any reason out.Twitter in particular is so bad that the usual avenue of getting something to an employee is met with limited success because this had become so rampant ie necessary that Twitter was internally cutting down on that.Lastly, any such ban should be segmented. Google is the biggest violator of this principle. You should never, for example, lose access to your Gmail because an automated system falsely detected a questionable photo you uploaded or another automated system decided your name wasn t real the latter happened in the Google days .
It depends on the local laws. Not all places can demand that a service provider do an active attack on a user. Of course many countries have passed such laws and others are planning toIt wouldn t technically be a MITM attack, they would just capture the incoming email. Tuta was famously forced to do that once by the German authorities.
I built a site addictionlocker.com which is a password manager that makes you donate to charity to get your passwords back.I built it because everytime I try to lock myself out of twitter, et al, I just unlock whatever I set up because I know the password.Originally, I was going to take a percentage of the profit but now want to see all of it go to charity. What sucks is I think its a really solid idea benefits everyone involved reduces addictive screen time, gives money to givewell.org but can t market it to save my life. I don t know if the concept is too esoteric, or everyone is ok with how much time they look at their phone, or my site just isn t good...Please share if you find success...
Comments from the original posting from the repost 4 months ago
Besides the obvious ignoranceI don t understand your meaning If it were true we wouldn t be as badly progressing with climate action as we are.We are progressing poorly, but what you re saying here is that fewer than a billion people believe that climate change is a problem? For instance, we would have already billions of vegan people.Veganism is a factor in climate change, but the methane we could offset from going vegan globally is nowhere near as effective or meaningful as ending the burning of fossil fuels.
Probably a combination of not needing to be very strong we don t use raw strength to hunt very often and a metabolic cost.
I think one of the great benefits of Black is that it is opinionated. Giving folks the option to select the type of indentation blunts the benefits. If you have a huge code base which mixes tabs and spaces it s going to be hard to diff and merge code or even reuse code snippets .
Less narrative, I guess, but I think that s just a different preference of meaning for how.
Big companies are the same, that problem isn t restricted to the private sector.
I m careful about trusting browsers which engage in fraud, even if they revert it after public backlash. You do you.
But that never happens. I come from the opposite side of the equation.I was not allowed into the gifted and talented program in my school because I had a lot of trouble with reading when I was young. However, I was probably the most gifted person in mathematics. But the G T program was only for people who scored high on both.So what happened? I was stuck in the average kids where I excelled but was bored. Anytime math was being worked, I was sent to the computer lab to play on the Apple IIes.I eventually caught up from a reading perspective but the damage was already done. The american school systems aren t prepped to manage anything out of the ordinary. So since I wasn t in the gifted program, I didn t have the accelerated math during elementary school. Therefore, I couldn t start algebra as early. That means through out high school I was bored stupid. All because of what happened when I was 7 years old.They made a decision on a 7 year olds ability.Did it change my life for the worse? Probably not. Unintended consequences and all. I got super interested in computers since I was stuck in a computer lab all the time. I excelled in math in college. Majored in Computer Science with a minor in Mathematics.BUT just because it worked out doesn t mean they didn t fuck up.Now I have children. My oldest son ALSO did not qualify for G T program. Can you guess why? He struggled with reading in early elementary school we tried to help but sorry, people develop at different rates . Oh my gosh but he is good in math. The difference now is there is no escape for him like I had. He is stuck being bored in class.My youngest son is adopted so we don t have much insight on family history from an academic standpoint but he is killing it in all aspects of school. He likely will be in the G T program. Yet, I don t believe he is superior in intellect compared to my oldest. They have different skillsets.So yeah, I think doing G T determination in elementary school is pretty dang stupid. That crap will all fall into place naturally in middle school.It is a system based on laziness and testing to the tests.
For senior engineers you need to at least double the number to get an idea of the actual total compensation.
Seriously, the first project is harvesting emails? With regular expressions?
It s not a Diwali picture, just a normal night picture. Why else would Pakistan also be lighted ?More comments here
ah thanks... fixed! you would think i would know that having been on HN for like 7 years but i obviously dont do this very often
Huge block size 128bytes . Probably they are using Power7 alike scheduling i.e. scheduling are working on packs of instructions, That might explain the humorous 600 entry ROB. Certainly the wake-up logic can t deal with that one-by-one with such a low power . If you combine that with JIT and or good compilers, you get this. I guess only Apple can pull this trick they control all the stack and some key power architects are working there .
So you d have to publish to the App Store your own patched mobile app?
Yeah, but there s an enormous difference between closed source and the very first public beta doesn t have a reproducible build system . Intent matters, you know.
The Hangouts app fixed the missing MMS threading issues. So if we ve switch from Voice to Hangouts ... do we have to switch back now?It s pretty confusing and there are so many services that won t take either of my Google Voice numbers.
Isn t that why most people become police officers and other authority figures? You ll just have to torture living things, wet the bed, and set fires like the rest of us. s s s s sDon t forget moral panicking, outrage crybullying, serial scapegoats crucifixion, taking-out aggression, bikeshedding, and cyberdisinhibitionism are also part of this complete breakfast.
And that would make me switch from Linux why exactly?Don t get me wrong, I was a BSD user for many years FreeBSD 3.5-5.0 but I don t think that s enough reason to switch.
Speaking as someone twice your age who has felt similarly I d say the best advice on this thread is to time schedule everything and have a clear output for anything. Force yourself only to think a couple of weeks ahead for the next 6 months and nail that habit, then your tendency to project everything forward ad infinitum may become a useful tool rather than persistent curse.
You choose your consistency on reads. However, Dax won t help you much on a write heavy workload.
Extensive discussion a few days ago
How are software developers supposed to put a roof over their head and food on the table if software can t be privatized?If an plumber or electrician smartly comes up with a certain configuration or the like how is it that he still makes money when someone else can come in to learn from it? When someone completely unrelated can come in to fix it when it breaks? When someone completely unrelated can copy it even?I d say overly restrictive copyright has not protected innovation but hampered it. It potentially says do not build, iterate, improve on such things for way too long in way too many ways.As a software developer I have benefited plenty from this. I ve also probably lost out a lot due to it in the countless little interactions and price calculations that make up our life. From paying a bit more for an engineered intel amd duopoly and licensing for some standards extended into perpetuity here and there when making a new pc to paying that extra nth of a cent for a carefully engineered bank transaction system meant to protect Worldline or the like despite carefully limited regulatory efforts to the contrary.
You can preserve state between turns it s the same Robot object being called. Thanks for the suggestion though, I ll try to make that a feature.
Honestly, I d like to do this but have a margin on the sides but haven t figured out how.I would forever be your e-servant if you know how to do that. I m sure I could figure out some hack, but it s just something I d rather not work on.
Adobe response ToS grants Adobe access to user projects for content moderation - - 86 comments
Everyone should be given the opportunity to create their own solutions, in the space that is currently called programming .Maybe this is a contrary point of view, but I think very little has been done to enable this for everybody. The op seems to think everybody should man up and learn one of the current generation of languages. I think the whole space of end user programming is mostly unexplored.
background info
Hilarious. This is what Strauss and Nietzsche and Bronze-Aged Pervert all claim as well. Writing for the few who can hear a joke.
We can and should fight back, this makes the job of the surveillance state harder. But my concern is, that I think the problem will eventually get much worse than it is today.I believe that eventually this kind of surveillance will be run almost entirely by sophisticated Artificial Intelligence. It partially is already, but as the technology improves, the amount and quality of the automated surveillance will increase.Masks, lasers, cones, they might be quite effective against current technology, but that is going to change as the technology improves and an AI can determine your identity from your gait, or a combination of other features such as the width of your shoulders, the length of various bones in your body, etc. China is almost certainly already working on this kind of software as a direct response to the Hong Kong protests.Governments will continue to work towards innovating and improving their surveillance programs, specifically in a way that reduces the amount of actual humans that are involved to reduce the probability of another like Snowden as well as reduce the visibility of the program to not trigger and go against human s desire to be free the article mentions.
Here we are almost 24 years into HDMI HDCP and it is still trivial to make a bit perfect copy of 4K stream, and even easier to rip a 4K Blu-ray. I d like to say the studios mostly failed, but there would be common consumer devices for copying movies, just like there used to be dual cassette tape decks for copying tapes.
I have Xaiomi mac like clone that was less than half the price for same specs and the body is totally ridged aluminum.
It s a growth hack. Once they take off, startups usually drop the lifetime tier.I don t think you have any guarantees in general. I emailed one YC startup offering a lifetime tier asking what would happen to the lifetime subscription before buying it if they went out of business. Their response was that it would be refunded.In the average case, something like this seems reasonable to me refund cost_of_unlimited - years_of_usage cost_per_year
My favorite former client we re both retire now is approaching 90 years old. Wow. She is a distinguished portrait artist from The Silent Generation, and she recently told me upon her own best friend s recent death Nobody wants to be the last one left at the party. You have to help clean up, then... We ended our professional relationship over petty words when I felt like the only person giving a shit about maintaining her assets as her maintenance guy . Our personal relationship has outlasted any pettiness but it still hurts seeing her squander her massive inheritance without maintenance.
Well, I dunno.When I worked at the Telco that serves all of Northern Canada - the telco that has the largest operating area of any telco in the world, in fact - we had an outage that took out everything for between 1 and 3 days.When I say everything, I mean if you picked up your phone you didn t get a dial tone. Or cell phone. Or internet. Even people that still have 2-way radios to use as phones were out of luck.There is no other provider for every single one of those customers, so not a single person had a single shred of connectivity.In the larger cities they posted Police and EMT Personnel on street corners in case people needed 911.That was a rather big outage, caused by a backup generator not starting during a power outage. We were still trying to bring systems back online a week later that had never been shutdown in 20 years.
If it s a hostname it has to correspond to a valid domain name, right? If it is listed in the ICANN DNS, maybe.DNS is not mandatory for a website to work.Most of the time I do not use DNS when reading the www. I have my own databases of the info I need to reach websites. Not that I expect anyone else would do this, but it is very fast and reliable.
I switched to WM for a year or so at work and became very comfortable with its way of doing things. It reminds me of the parts I liked of early Mac OS X. The main thing I wished for was a miller columns file manager like in NeXTStep or OS X. I briefly contemplated trying to write my own, but my Objective-C knowledge is minimal and very rusty.Unfortunately I changed positions and needed a DE that other people could use without getting confused, so I switched to Mate and made it act like Windows 10.
As a part time space geek I ve always marvelled at the use of Technology Readiness Levels to work out the maturity of needed technology so that it is space worthy.The defence industry uses this, as do nuclear agencies developing technology to decommision reactors. I haven t noticed the technology usage in many other industries.
Nah, the problem is definitely on your end. Having a domain is identical to having a driver s license This org says I am X .Nope. You just described two different documents. very odd the position you re taking here, given the sentiment in your other tirade about being digital sharecroppers to Facebook and Google Your proposed solution is dumping more fuel in their engines which is why it s the kind of solution they prefer themselves and completely at odds with e.g. Solid and other attempts to do things thing would actually empower and protect individual users. I m interacting with your digital homestead, why are you so adamant about leaking my activity to another domain?
Can you blur your background now on a meeting?
Yeah it seems that in this case, Bumble obviously went with exact locations and failed to fuzz it.It s been a long time since I ve done online dating, and back then long-form OKCupid profiles were the norm, but instead of a distance radius, I always wished could draw a shape of interest roughly correlated with my local subway map and places that were convenient to walk to.
It took a company that teaches people how to manage time 6 weeks to buy one domain?
That s the main reason we should start using WebAssembly for distributing and using packages.Shamless plug Wasmer 1 and WAPM 2 could help a lot on this quest! 1
Ah yes, I m having fun times with the ST ROM bootloader and dFuSe dfu-util. What a mess.
Solo with 3x3 jigsaw killer at unreasonable difficulty is the most fun I ve ever had solving sudokus, requiring some really novel logic. In comparison, the normal 3x3 at unreasonable difficulty is really tedious, often devolving into a series of trial and error decisions.
Yeah, as the opening paragraph of the article says, I did this just as an exercise in creative problem solving and working within constraints. This is not a production ready CSS icon set. Hopefully it s clear that it s not being presented as something to be used in production or instead of SVG other more appropriate technologies.
There are no ATMs in Eritrea. The car-buyer told us that when the border with Ethiopia opened last year following the end of the state of war between the two nations, he went to Mekelle city in northern Ethiopia and his jaw dropped when he saw people taking a large amount of money out of a machine .It s incredible and harrowing how different their experience is from our own.
Ok, so that s not the constraint. What s left on the list of possibilities to check off?
This link from that stream is interesting, is an article talking about a kid who went missing a month ago who is thought to be one of the suspects.
What do we do about this?Step 1 would be to groom people to leadership positions. How is it that an organization of 35 years doesn t have a good rank next generation who will take the baton from the old guard? I bet you can t name another member of the FSF. For Linux kernel, I can think of GHK, for Ruby I know quite a few people, but for FSF, the bus factor seems to be 1.Even without all the accusations, FSF should have a leadership they can fallback to. I feared for FSF after Stallman before the controversy , now I fear for FSF, full stop.
Isn t a shared BFF an oxymoron, considering that you typically build a BFF specifically for one client and its needs? Maybe you just have a backend
3,000 gallons a year comes out to 8.2 gallons per day. Seems a bit low. Even a low flow toilet uses 1.1-1.6 gallons per flush.In my experience, with a family of 4, a lawned landscape is gonna take up about 50-70 of your water use in SoCal. This is based upon living in a couple of places down here.Also, pools are a giant red herring. A noncovered pool would take up about 5 of that above water budget. Once you cover it it consumes basically no water once filled .Note that drought tolerant grasses use upwards of 60 less water than standard lawns. And subsurface irrigation uses upwards of 70 less water. Still not a good idea to have tons of the stuff, but if you want a small patch of it you can do so without blowing the water budget. Most people don t do this though.
If I had just a little bit more courage I would go out at night with cans of spray paint and deface billboards.It may be less emotionally rewarding, but in many areas- many places advertisements violate various rules and on notification local authorities or other entity is likely to take action. For example in Poland ads except political ones, politicians exempted themself again cannot be ever placed on bridges, lamp posts, traffic signs, guard rails etc. Every single one placed there is illegal and road maintainers remove them once notified.- local authorities may be allowed to pass laws banning or limiting their presence Kraków, Poland recently outlawed large part of billboards within city Also, removing some of ads may be perfectly legal or with penalties so low that eliminating them is not legally risky.
hello
The linux desktop security model is severely broken 1 . Just use Qubes if you want to control access to resources without losing your mind. 1
Why is it an absurd statement?I legitimately don t know. I don t know what IFR qualified means.
From that page, I now know that the mistake shown in the xkcd comic is called the Equal Transit-Time Fallacy . There is no requirement for an airflow, once separated, to speed over the top of the wing to match the airflow underneath. In fact the top-layer airflow moves faster than the bottom layer, and arrives at the trailing edge sooner.
Convincing mimicry is good enough.For what?I ask questions and get wrong but convincing answers that is way worse than wrong answers that are obviously wrong.The functionality looks so smart because it skips reasoning and goes straight to plausible imitation . But the latter isn t actually a path to the former.If it were reasoning, and merely had errors the problem might-course correct. Even if the errors were huge, and reasoning was poor, it could eventually learn its way out.It s not intelligence. It s a very good simulation of the superficial trapping of intelligence.
My bad. README Documentation error. The tests are fine though.
Only new facts will do the trickIt s not about information. Like, a tornado destroys their house or such.That s more like it. In other words, until something is personal people have a very hard time relating to it, no matter how irrefutably true it is.
The consequences of such events do not move society in a positive direction, however.
Is there anything new in the world of Tent? What s interesting about it now, OP?
Also if you re lucky enough to be able to carry off C, you re more likely to have options A and B at your disposal.
It was a managed IRA, I figured I d let the professionals handle it. I only play around with the markets
From what I read on Wikipedia - The Coriolis force is a different effect than the centrifugal force.- The Coriolis force is unrelated to the radius of the rotating object. This is not true of centrifugal force, so while it doesn t make sense to talk about Coriolis forces resulting from spinning something too small , it does make sense to talk about them from spinning something too small subject to the constraint that the apparent gravity from the centrifugal force meets some threshold such as g.- The Coriolis force is a tidal effect, inasmuch as it is described by the tidal equations of Laplace . That would make it an example of the tidal constraint that I originally suggested.Have I made a mistake somewhere? The third point seems kind of shaky.
IPFS bootstrappers out there are still a bit unstable. Sorry about that - please retry.
Do you really need a message like that? If you didn t try to sign in But you get a notification, it s pretty freaking clear what s going on. Alternatively if you just signed up a new account you should probably expect a message like that
Not completely on topic, but I fear we re rapidly losing many video games of yesteryear to time and their closed-source nature. Luckily, milestone games like Doom and Quake were open sourced some time ago.There s reverse engineering of some codebases like Rollercoaster Tycoon, Diablo, and Super Mario 64, but for 99 of games we ll never see them outside of the original release or an emulator.
SaferCPlusPlus has two big issues which prevent me from using it confusing class naming and too many concepts.I do like the ideas it builds on, and I will probably implement a simplified version for my needs...
Spree e-commerce is a solid Rails engine that can be used a fully skinnable site and offers a full API for any integrations, customizations, or other apps you want to hook up down the line. It also has robust configurations for your product line, fulfillment, and shipping setups. Have built enterprise-level online stores on it, but it is geared for business the size you describe.
Fair point about sequence . There are probably a bunch of these I use regularly in Scala without realizing it. Though as a counterpoint, Future.sequence wouldn t really lose _that_ much if it didn t return a collection of the same type. And I haven t yet felt the need for a generic sequence , which I m sure scalaz has.I don t buy your point about not needing to unpack side-effectless code, however. There are _always_ reasons to dig into code, be it bugs, surprising edge cases, poor documentation, insufficient performance, or even just curiosity. And those high-level abstractions tend to be visible in module interfaces too. I remember some Haskell libraries being very hard to figure out how to use if you didn t know your category theory
The entire point of the article is that it is not good enough though.
I think it is beautiful that there are some people out there capable of dedicating themselves to something with such passion.But that s precisely the problem with the structures surrounding it. Organisations exploit these characters because they don t reward them as much as they put in. But not only that, you also have to think of the people around them. They point out in many places in the article how they weren t stopping because their neighbour wasn t stopping a group expectation is formed that everyone is supposed to be putting 10-15 hours a day because that s what it means to be passionate, to care for your company. As others have pointed out, this is cult behaviour and believe it or not a lot of these companies precisely use cult-tactics to incite this behaviour on their workers.I admire passion. But I want to see people putting that passion into constructive projects that improve their own lives as much as as everyone else s. That s the shift in perspective that we need, how much of this person s life was taken by this company? This kind of stress and hard work takes a toll on your health, it might not be immediately evident but it is real! And what do they have to show for it?
A caller and texter black whitelist.iOS has this functionality. For blacklisting, you can block a caller or texter. For whitelisting, you can enable Do Not Disturb, and then whitelist people by adding them to your Favorites.
Either their day somehow magically has more than 24 hours maybe they live on venus? or they are .. how to say this .. lying?I can assure You they are making a lot of compromises. Add a little bit of compounding around skills and resources and they achivements can look magical, but most of it its just smoke and mirrors. And of course there is outsourcing of everything that is not essential to their image that include child upbringing also . It s amazing how much time You can get back when You have Your private valet and helicopter pilot on standby I have witnessed this first hand .
Personally, yes, but I tried about 5 years ago.
California absolutely can and should prepare for the eventuality of a large earthquake in the area and they are, as another replier pointed out . Permanently evacuating the whole area maybe not.Why is disaster preparedness at all controversial?
Disco Melee Full Time Full Stack Clojure Developer 100 Remote Melee was founded by gamers, for gamers, to deal with with the lack of social features in other gaming-centric sites, and to reinvent the concept of social streaming. Basically we are making gaming social again . We re in beta now with plans for public launch soon!The frontend is built in Clojurescript and Om, the backend in Clojure on a PostgreSQL database. While we do require some degree of prior experience with these technologies, we also greatly value an ability to learn, take ownership, be proactive, and communicate well with others.For the full posting see email work discomelee.com to apply.
It s just annoying that after decades of copyright-maximalist public policy and corporate PR, it s now time for a sensible application of copyright when it comes to this specific issue.
Some customers will be ok with that.I m not sure I would fully trust that. The client probably won t be happy if bugs from poorly tested code keep coming up. And it sounds like the client might question the dev teams work, if they are currently questioning the team s estimates.
Quora isn t a great place to get answers. It s better as a source of mindless, faintly informative entertainment. At its best it s a bit better than your ordinary content farm because it s not as click-baity the users are volunteers who just want to write. Recreational typing , as one prominent user puts it.
This is why dogfooding is extremely important. You want the people making the reams to feel those 1000 papercuts.
Also get a second professional opinion when the recommended procedure seems too invasive just to save you costs . Some things do need a more expensive procedure now e.g. a crown to save you from much higher costs later e.g. a dental implant .And do confront your doctors with one another s opinion. A well meaning doctor can surely stand by their treatment recommendations with arguments and counter-arguments.
You re going on about the value of conventional methods in a criticism of using HTTP verbs?Yes? These have some intrinsic value that is defined in the domain. There is no potential of vocabulary contamination because everyone comes into the domain with a clean state. An ambiguous, abused common vernacular is worse than a clean domain-specific one. Understanding the difference between a GET and a POST isn t some new-fangled idea, it s decades old. Like Tim Berners Lee old.GET and POST usually work out OK it s stuff like HEAD, PUT, and PATCH that people usually argue about, not to mention response codes.GET, POST, and the HTTP intricacies are fine as a concern for HTTP clients. REST has shot through that and made it something that everyone has to worry about.The issue is not only that no one can agree on how to do REST, but it s also, as stated in my other comment, that REST makes it harder to see what s going on. It requires important information the verb to be tucked away into something that takes extra steps to access. I m not saying it s impossible to access that I m just saying it s error prone to do it this way. I didn t even know what Thrift was until I Googled it, and found out it was developed at Facebook. Okay.I hate most Project-By-BigCo projects, but not everything that comes out of Google or Facebook is automatically evil.Thrift is now controlled by the Apache Foundation, not Facebook. And it s a very common IDL, but I ll refrain from returning your snark. I m stunned. Do you write code that runs on the internet?I m not the only one. 0 How did you even get employed?Just lucky I guess. 0
another thing - there are multiple ways to inject dependencies - not just constructor injection.
A number of good options. Different folks have their favorites
Is anyone else troubled by them not releasing the source model dataset parameters here? Yes, the technology can be used for malicious means - but would argue that DeepFaking language is FAR less of a problem than DeepFaking video photo audio... which already occurs. Seems like they went back on their charter to share AI developments broadly not concentrate power under the excuse of safety. These results look fire btw
Could be one of two things 1 the site has connectivity so only Interac is down2 the site has no connectivity and can process credit transactions offline and queue them don t tell anyone their expired card will work , but not for debit.
This one is kind of hilarious Why are old people so obsessed with collecting things like spoons, thimbles, and shot glasses? It s like they want to have a tiny version of every object in the world.
Hmmm, the list of skills, that should be interesting because it seems to be the core of the millionaire thing, is in Dutch. Ouch!
Just use a random value and store it with the hashed password. The salt is there to prevent an attacker from using a rainbow table to search your whole database for known passwords. Even if they have all your hashes and all your salts the fact the salts are unique forces them to attack each hash individually.What you re looking for is a pepper 0 0
If the potato trucks had to pay for the full cost of roads, then they would be incentived to drive that cost down.More realistically, potato prices would go up to reflect operational costs.
AWS hosts a huge amount of direct Amazon competitors. Explicitly banning certain competitors in an unrelated business would be pretty damaging to the credibility of a platform.
Oh it was that bad trust me.
I don t think Guile is too niche. In fact, Guix has a quite active community. Nowhere as Nix in terms of activity, but it s pretty nice and very friendly too.
The NSA, who have a history of feeding NIST intentionally compromised crypto algorithms, suggest we need to wait to hear what NIST recommends?How very fucking convenient.
It was two guards that both fell asleep. Okay that might be coincidence. What about the two cameras that failed at the same time? They should publish failure rates of cameras at that facility.When was the last time two sets of electronics failed at the exact same time randomly? If there was a voltage spike or something that killed them both how come it didn t affect anything else at the facility? Maybe they were EMP ed or something? Okay that sounds fantastical, but I hope they do answer questions. There is likely an innocent explanation to all this, but there should be a thorough investigation.
My intro to systems course did something similar with shared memory calls if I recall correctly
If I remember correctly, we suggested the user tune with a particular fret held down.If you are talking about tuning at 441 etc instead of 440, that was easy enough as it was just an input parameter the user set.
Sort of like Youtube Red except for their search interface and other properties, too?Count me in. I subscribe to YT Red as well.
Somehow one of the tastiest memories I have is as a kid being outside and eating rye bread with butter.
God is perfectly just. That s why they call it Divine Comedy.
Heroin is processed opium. Opium comes from poppy seeds, and the processing for that is minimal.Cocaine is made from the coca plant the leaves of which can be chewed raw for a similar, but markedly weaker, effect.I doubt tobacco has to be processed to be smoked.Psilocybin mushrooms require no processing.Peyote requires no processing.Alcohol be found naturally from rotting, fermented fruit fallen from trees. There s a video on Youtube of animals getting drunk from eating it.I m sure there are several other plants that will get you high that I m unaware of. Just thought I d throw a little knowledge out there for anyone who might be interested.
Away from my desk?
Definitely some feature overlap yes, but as a former mywindsock user I saw the room for improvement. In my experience mywindsock was pretty difficult to understand, and seems to not have been updated in years. Comparatively, WindMate is more intuitive, a lot more affordable and has features that can t be found anywhere else eg. weather condition analysis for previous efforts
A little bit of somewhat relevant context
I guess what I meant was the type of libraries that often non-crypto-experts port over to their favorite language. I m sure that Go is one of the better ones, but there s lots of random implementations of ssh ssl crypto floating around on sourceforge codeplex pear github whatever which are unlikely to have been as thoroughly battle-tested as the ubiquitous ones.
We all get date parsing wrong at some point.
Nan Pointer Exception
If you are doing an MVP prototype or the code would be the client s problem once you re done with your consulting, such bulk boilerplate is fine.I have extensively worked with Python and Ruby in past but my conclusion is that even though they ramp you up in the beginning but as the code base grows, it becomes harder to guess deeper in the codebase to guess what objects you re dealing with. Specifically in case or Ruby Rails, the IDE s are of not much help as they re guessing brute forcing the possible suggestions too.The type hinting in Python is totally optional and I know you can have stricter linting rules and what not but I d prefer a a little more statistically typed language for which I think go has the minimalism, won t let you over engineer. Other interesting promising candidates are Nim Crystal.So I can start my SaaS on such a Rails boilerplate but it ll be more of a liability of keeping up with the upstream codebase and my own but maybe that s my lack of confidence.
There s benefit in not having to understand the underlying intricacies of the code that you re writingI don t know. All these abstractions eventually leak. We often run into problems that can only be solved by fully understanding the software layers we re building on top of. I think that this cancels out any initial benefits. there is something about that knowledge that makes it just so much more engagingAgreed. It s such a joy to discover the underlying technology. Lots of people don t care about these already solved problems but I find them deeply interesting.
Angry DB Admin who left the company and a way to revenge later.
Sounds like so much chaos just turns into background noise
MARCH 10, 2023 Plain tiffs filed oppo si tions to these motions to dis miss.Legal processes are generally slow.
I agree with you.My one bit of criticism might be, in a plain php file without any code block wrapping handler logic, it s harder to understand context. I don t know exactly where this file is getting executed, and so it s not clear where the contextual properties are coming from? Perhaps that s the point.
I wonder what the typical household looks like in that study. I m the sole breadwinner for my family of four, and with a mortgage and some school loans, a 75000 salary is barely enough to make ends meet.
Characterising any of the Unity, Unreal or Cryengine trio as a 3D engine isn t quite right, they are full on game systems with physics etc. and especially in the case of Unity complete software ecosystems in their own right.The further you get from utilising the core functionality of each engine the harder of a time you re going to have, and this constrains the genres you can work in. This is the main reason that a lot of 2D titles developed in Unity purely for iOS Android portability have performance problems things like the alpha cutout stuff goes a long way to helping here , while their showpiece games, such as those by Madfinger, that simply use the built in physics run perfectly. Sadly I can t be specific, but I have run into some amazingly simple games that ran like absolute dogs thanks to their inappropriate choice of middleware.
That s because it isn t. It is taxed better in nominal terms because it ignores inflation. If you bought a stock for 100 and sold it for 110 in a year, in nominal terms you made 10 . But 110 in a year isn t worth as much as last year, and in real terms you probably made 8 .There is a reason that short term capital gains are taxed exactly the same as income.In the 2015 top tax bracket of 39.6 , capital gains is taxed at 23.8 . That s a 40 discount, which unsurprisingly is long term equity capital appreciation minus long term CPI trends.This discount should be extended to all forms of savings and investment income too e.g. interest and bonds , but that s another topic.
I agree completely about the user-space tools on Linux. My doubt is that Google will come up with a solution that applies anywhere except Android. But given the hopeless situation there at the moment, I d be okay even with that.
Another problem is the ability to refuel with privacy as well. The fact that the charger identifies your car is a big no-no in my book. Also many most? places demanding an account credit card to pay.
We re using Tropo.com, pretty easy. Otherwise it s just mysql mysqli php apache. Pretty straight forward.
Thirding 4Chan as a healthy community. My buddy insists it s a great community because the content is always being deleted, and thus, 4chan reinvents itself every day.
Absolutely.
It s a weird argument, though, that we should be checking in on the state of the patient these devices, but we don t do it unless we have the additional problem of needing to replace a battery.
Two other major reasons for payday loan places to exist are identity theft especially of elderly and money laundering, and neither will go away because the post office is competing.Are you suggesting that payday loan operations are conducting or facilitating money laundering? Then please produce proof of a single payday loan operation that has been convicted or even accused of the charge in the last 10 years. I ll even make it easy for you to search last year s investigations payday loan operations don t need to launder money, because they are making an absolute killing ripping of the poor, and they know even the slightest hint of money laundering will strip them of their license.Only the big boys like HSBC have the political connections to engage in money laundering and keep their licenses.
Software people tend to hyper-focus on the one change they are trying to bring to a specific area. This means we don t always look at the bigger picture of people s lives. We tend to think that improving one little process in their day will make their lives better , when in realty they got 99 problems and our little fix ain t one of them. So sure, our little change in their lives is a better answer to that specific problem, but in the bigger picture it just is an annoyance and makes them burn their energy in a place that was already working fine for them.Is your change better than the prior solution? Yeah, it most likely is. And if you are solving a problem that makes people feel pain in their lives for a large chunk of the day, they will welcome the change. But most changes don t work at that scale in their users lives.
In what country? In the US, this would be an incredible Constitutional violation.
Your typical car lead-acid battery has 8-10 kg of lead.
hand-wreckingly shallow keyboard travelNow, I don t disagree with your sentiment, touch bar is definitely a nuisance without any superior use case over the buttons that were there before... But why do you think this keyboard wrecks hands? It is definitely the fastest keyboard I ve typed on, and shallow keyboards are definitely inherently easier on the hands by any metric I can think of
Languages other than English are out of scope according to the model card, so I wouldn t expect strong translation performance. In English, though, it s incredibly capable for its size.
The only scenario that seems obvious is if the police overreact and shoot some of the protesters.That s a really strange thing to say. There are lots of examples of disruptive protests that have helped bring about change. As an example, take a look at some bridge-blocking.
If a government subsidises the wrong thing, the right thing will no longer make financial sense. If the government bans the right thing, it no longer matters whether it makes financial sense.However, I am slightly optimistic about these things as many city and state governments as well as private corporations are taking steps to do the right thing, even as parts of the government and society take the opposite side.
Not true. There have been issues at conferences that have been talked about on places like HN, and now many conferences are adopting anti-harassment policies, like at the Cascadia Ruby Conference a mess, yes, but change does happen.There are many people who are very skilled at talking about tough issues like this one who simply need to be given an opportunity to address the community. I for one hope the Ruby community steps up and changes, for the better, because of this one.
Aren t they adjusting customer thermostats, deferring plant maintenance, appealing people to conserve electricity and warning about blackouts in Texas precisely because AC is everywhere?
Assange is 39, not 22 though, admittedly, he does not look his age .Assange explains why he is a figurehead in his Q A session with CNN
is a pretty trivial stuff though. First half describes typical slab allocator . The other half covers the use of free lists, and that s in a context of speeding up their own clumsy bitmap-based free block tracking code. All this is supported by dmalloc ? , which is IIRC a default GNU libc allocator.The discussion of multithreading issues is very basic too - just simple single-lock wrapper of all API calls. That s just dumb if you pardon my French. No mentioning of granular locking or lock-free options.Also, on a more general note - writing custom memory manager is an option of last resort when optimizing existing code that cannot be refactored. That s because writing a manager is meant to negate the effects of a bad application design so if latter can be fixed, there s really no need for a manager.Consider their own example of allocating 5000000 objects, each with its own new call. This is what the std vector is for - it coalesces all new calls into one and then constructs the instances. If, in a real world, these 5 million objects are not allocated all at once, then vector still can be used as an application-level pool of objects. In the end, this is an application-specific allocation quirk and it needs to be dealt with at the application level, not in libc.
Oh wow, your first two sentences were so misleading. I have been a dreamer all my life. I thought you meant DREAMER, as in undocumented immigrant. It took me until last year to figure this out. You didn t know you were an illegal immigrant until last year? PYour post is pretty melodramatic, but I just want to reiterate that 30 is not too late at all. Plenty of people never come to the realization that you do way past their 30s and turn too late to others for help. I m glad you realize that you can t accomplish things in a vacuum. I m 23, and I still am working on getting my Bachelor s, though most of my friends are in grad school by now. I don t feel like I m less of a person because I didn t follow the set schedule of life, and you shouldn t either That being said, another good point that I m sure has been made already is not to focus too much on being the absolute best in whatever field you try. So you could program for a million years and never be as good as so-and-so. So what?No one usually starts out and suddenly she s a programming whiz. We all started somewhere, and just because you got stuck at pointers in C doesn t mean that you should just give up. No one has just breezed through all programming problems or concepts in the world like they re no big deal. Stop comparing yourself to an imaginary image of perfection and start doing things like the real person that you are.My advice is to do one thing first read. Learn! You seem like you have the drive to do a business, but perhaps not much of an idea of what kind of business. So read, or watch MOOC videos if that s how you learn best--really build a solid knowledge base of what it takes to run a business, what sorts of business ideas you d be interested in, etc.I think after dreaming and before doing, you should prepare, and that s a step that I feel might be lacking in others steps-to-success plans for entrepreneurship.After you ve prepared, just fking do it. Don t be afraid to fail failing is how we learn. Don t listen to naysayers who only believe that people can accomplish acts of genius or good in their youth--human history isn t built on the accomplishments of young prodigies alone. Instead, believe in yourself, because no one else will.And as for luck, create your own!
Other nations have no problem funding social programs, because they maintain a reasonable tax rate for high-income high-wealth entities and avoid expensive indefinite foreign wars.
I ve never felt very productive doing any programming outside. Is that just me?Depends on your personal history I d say. If you spend years working from home, with little outside interaction in the day to day, productivity truly suffers. Changing your environment can be a huge productivity booster.
I think they re selling the actual plugin here
You still can if you muck around with the dark-UX flow.
I added OC72 to my crystal set in 1961. It costed 530 markka, while children s tram ticket was 30 markka !1!!
This is total crap. You can t possibly say that women are forced in prostitution. For some it s a choice between making x or making 100x, that s not enslaving, but just a personal choice by the woman. as prostitution exists we ll never have a free society. The whole idea of a free society is total bullshit anyway. While I totally agree with you that human trafficking is despicable, it doesn t change the equation, if the end product is legally sold or rented by the hour more accurately or illegally doesn t change the demand or the supply.We will never have a free society because it s an impossibility, humans are not evolved enough, nor are we devoid of vices like greed. A free society of automatons maybe, but not humans.And as for your comment about farming, that s also wrong. Farming is a relatively recent profession, no older than 10k years. You think women didn t exchange protein for sex before that? If you do then you re dead wrong.
I ve already updated, and confirmed with others that an update had occurred.
Many Googlers have already left Google on ethical grounds, and many more likely will in the near future Good riddance...there are too many software devs acting like political activist here...I hope more leave
What happened to all the proof of stake stuff? Did that just fall out of vogue?
Let s set the meeting at 16 00 UTC is implied . Sorry Bob, we in Sydney will be asleep at that time.
You really don t need much for a coop at all. When we bought our property it had a tool shed that we converted and it turned out to be way too big for our flock of 12. You could honestly use a large dog house. There are lots of plans online and Reddit has a very good chicken community with answers to any questions you might have.All that to say the minimum threshold for starting backyard chicken keeping is very low. I d recommend jumping in as cheap as possible and upgrading later if you find you enjoy it.
While certainly not high art, Lost in Space was decent popcorn scifi. The third season released earlier this month and wrapped up the series.
The domain tasting companies -- I read a profile of one, whose name I unfortunately have forgotten, but this company seemed to have a 17MM annual run rate by bulk purchasing domain names, running ads on them, and returning the ones that didn t generate enough income during a trial week. Really really scummy business, and stupidly lucrative -- the founder was running the operation with himself and two employees.
a man never says Maybeunless he s absolutely sure that his mates aren t around.Also, do you only know three people?
I haven t even attempted it, though I did read P J O Rourke s take on it 15ya - there was a series of books that changed the world which included Hitch s take on Rights of Man . Much more enjoyable and palatable, I m sure - but of course no idea how faithful he was to the greater work.
My friend got incredibly excited about the Retina MacBook and ordered one on the day of release. He has already been through seven of them. Yes - seven. And it wasn t even the screen each time - loose hinge, broken keyboard, SSD died.....you would have thought that in a machine for so much money they would ve sorted this out.
I could be wrong but I assume that there s enough inertia in the high-end business-to-business side of things the part that matters for high-end server processors that they probably can keep milking that cow for a few years more.People who have only been buying Intel CPU in the last decade won t jump ship immediately. Nobody gets fired for buying Intel CPUs, at least until very recently. You know you won t have compatibility issues etc...Of course within the next few years Intel will have to react somehow, either by outperforming AMD significantly to justify the premium or by slashing prices.
For most questions, please look through the tutorial videos and documentation that I created!
There is a passage in 1984, I think in one of the chapters from Goldstein s book, that mentions cars, and takes about how a person looking forward to 1984 from early in the century was optimistic and imagined owning a car and maybe an airplane, and how the life even of an inner party member is austere by comparison.He also mentions trucks when Winston was young and had to scrounge for food and would get some grain that fell off a truck driving on bumpy roads.They do talk about tubes and Winston takes the train to the country.So I d say the world Orwell imagined didn t have many cars Edit, I see when I was typing, idlewords also remembered another passage about trucks
Write constantly. Maybe read at some point.
It refers to the sending of agents to conduct character interviews.
I got downvoted on another PHP related thread here for bringing that up. Can you truly say they use PHP when they ve invested a hell of a lot of money into HipHop to essentially allow devs to write additional PHP code and transform it into C binaries? It s a strange way of using it for sure, but it seems to be effective for them.
So you re saying that you first need to found your startup as a dystopian venture with a secure facility that needs vandelising, then rebrand your company around the art created?
Sometimes I really hesitate before commenting on a post,because I dont want to say something that might earn me a downvote, even when that comment might actually be right but might go against the trend of other comments on the post.
I hear the binary logging argument very often. What is bad with it? Is the format not specified? Maybe it is more efficient to log this way.Often it comes down to it s not text, which I don t like, ergo binary is bad .
Only decades ago, it seems the user of the device was the master. Now it seems the other way around. If the user does not explicitly request something, don t do it. If I turn my device off, I expect it to be doing absolutely nothing.It s a little disconcerting, and I wonder what hope there is for user empowerment in the future? There s just so many layers in the stack, and users have high expectations about what capabilities they want from devices.I often envision a low-tech alternative, where everything is as simple as required. Where devices are tools, and not distractions. And we can still do everything which is necessary with them.The walled-garden effect makes it impractical to even design an alternative, because homebrew devices aren t supported by our institutions. The APIs aren t open.The solution is increasingly to remove devices from life, and incrementally introduce only those that are necessary. But complex and user-hostile devices are becoming the standard for what is required to interact with banks, government, and other important institutions.Does anyone see a possible out here?
Just admit it was because you needed to keep people from panicking.That s a generous assumption.
I think his cocky attitude has a lot to do with the constant feedback loop in the town he lives in.Pot, meet kettle.
Maybe this can explain WTC 7.
If readers don t want to use tags filters they don t have toThen would be useless.Maybe a tag system with a limit of 3 tags could be useful but people could use the wrong tags and manage it will request a lot of work from the mods.The algolia search works well now, tags could help if well used by the users, but also create confusion.
I ve been a supporter of Lyft as the underdog and tried my best to give them as much business as I could. I was trying to get a ride at an airport, and I got so frustrated that I gave up and had a very good experience with Uber.What happened was this I requested a ride, and it was confirmed by the driver who was about 15 minutes away. After waiting 10 minutes, the driver would cancel and presumably go pick up someone else who had a higher fare . This happened literally 3 times, and I sat outside at the curb waiting for 30 minutes. I gave up, requested a ride with Uber instead which had a similar price significantly closer causing me to wait less from the moment I requested a ride.
That some be lost is expected, that all of them be blocked is not.
Very interesting.. classic useful response from the HN community! Any chance you could point me to an example so I can use this technique in the future?
What about buying card packs in a digital card game like Hearthstone? Does that count as a loot box?
also - edit delete messages- code highlight- notifications- fast search that works for everyone
Really? I don t think they do at all. I know for certain that if my wife were at Starbucks and had the option of sign onto wifi using Facebook that she would happily do it.
Favorite quotes from the article Students should be taught that failure is a process, not an obstacle.Luck finds the doers.Simplicity makes ideas powerful.What made the article worth it were the real life stories he shared to make a point. Would love to hear some similar stories. Any HNers have any good ones that they d like to share?
So this means, if you are in China, you cannot have English or Latin or other names, because they won t have a character for it? Not sure if I understand this correctly.The very idea that you have to think about logistics before naming your baby is ridiculous.
So either parts of the US government have been lying about for years about not having alien bodies and tech or parts of the US government are lying now about having alien bodies and tech.In five years, a conspiracy theorist will be defined as someone who refuses to believe the propaganda from on high about UFOs UAPs.
I m genuinely curious to learn your option on cheating - does it actually matter?What I mean is - certainly you don t want to harm the reputation of your school, and you want your students to have actually learned the material and be prepared for whatever they do in life that requires that knowledge... but what I m wondering is... if there s presumably some tiny percentage of a class that is going to actually cheat or act in ethically questionable ways, are we in fact putting more effort into the prevention of that cheating than is warranted?
I like it - keep going.
Therefore, books and literature aren t art, since they express ideas, notions and feelings with nothing but words. Wait, what?
I didn t know you could replace OpenCL with Metal. I thought for GPU computing there are just OpenCl and CUDA. Does Vulkan offer an alternative to OpenCL too?
american gladiatorsHe she is probably making a reference to Bill Hicks
Out of sheer curiosity, I wonder if duktape can run node? If so, I would think it to be possible to repackage node libraries as ruby gems. Not saying this would be a good idea, I am just wondering if it would be possible.
this happened to me the other day for an item i was selling. at the first mention of a code , i told them first come first served and i have other people interested. that ended the conversation.
They re already suing manufacturers with patents they acquired two weeks ago?
Your game art looks quite good. Also didn t know it was so easy to make the physical assets for a custom game. They look solid too.Making a board game with stable diffusion is something I ve been thinking about for some time. Very inspiring, thanks!
how do you analyze your sleeping quality and habits over time? a built in display?This reminds of the 2005 phones shouldn t support texting. people should just call vibes.
That endpoint just returns meta info about the song including the duration, quality, etc.
Yes, of course it s impossible to literally leave zero trace, but with education and the intent to respect nature, it s possible to radically reduce ones impact to the point where no one should feel guilty about enjoying the natural environment.In many areas such as delicate alpine areas that s managed through permitting and restrictions on the numbers of people, though of course it still requires those permitted people to follow best practices and attempt to minimize their impact.
In organizations you never know whether something succeeded because of the leader or despite the leader.
But for 83 b to be feasible, the company has to be worth essentially zero.Let s say you join a startup that the IRS can claim is worth 20M based on e.g. money raising valuation , and get 1 in RSUs worth 200K - depending on your other income that year, the tax bill can easily be close to 100K if you made 100K in salary and live in NYC for doing an 83 b , and it is still likely to be worth zero being a startup.And before you say the fact it raised 2M on 20M makes preferred reflect that value, not common which is still worth zero - that is a common position, and the IRS almost never challenges 83 b election valuations - but are you willing to risk that they won t start challenging them? I gave up more than one offer because I wasn t.The bottom line is that the US tax system s taxing of virtual, unrealized, unrealizable profit is insane - I am not aware of any other western country that does that.
I see what you mean about how proof-of-work can be monopolistic as well, but I guess there are at least some extra steps involved. You need to take your earned coins, sell them for computers, and then turn those computers toward mining as opposed to any other productive use . In proof-of-stake, simply by virtue of holding coins you obtain more coins. This also comes with an opportunity cost, of course, but not to the same extent I think.To respond to 1 I think I don t understand the mechanism of proof-of-stake well enough. I think correct me if I m wrong that the reason pooling is incentivized in proof-of-work is because having more mining power doesn t give you more coins as much as it increases the likelihood of you receiving a coin. In other words, it s the statistical nature of proof-of-work that makes pooling necessary. For proof-of-stake to not incentivize pooling I think it would need to not distribute coins statistically, but more like how stock dividends are issued today.That being said I m still not sure that the incentive for miners to pool is the same as a pressure on the network to consolidate holdings. I ll need to reflect on that.Regarding 2 I m not sure I understand why or how you would punish participants. ie. how would the network differentiate a 51 attack from a legitimate use of 51 to steer the network, and what could it do as a result?
Some sort of energy capture loading a supercapacitor to power the brakes might be feasible, with a small battery backup. You don t need a lot of power storage if you can reliably keep the capacitor full during use. An esp32 has way more than enough clockspeed to keep the reaction speed under 10ms.To me, there s a more complex issue, which is the braking feedback mechanism. You can t just have off on - you need a gradient, and that needs to be communicated to the rider by feel. The same feel has to be perceived across every braking context, or it won t be predictable and people will crash.Any sort of ABS or smart brake algorithm has to predictably augment the human control feedback and seamlessly integrate with motor controls.Using nfmi would be preferable to wifi or bt, to reduce the possibility of interference.Lastly, your system needs to fail gracefully. If the controller or mechanics of a brake fails, the motor controllers have to be aware of it, and limit speed or go into a limp-home mode.So if you have a siloed power store, secure and reliable wireless networking, human compatible controls and brake behaviors, and graceful failure mode, and at least one layer of redundancy, you could have a feasible braking system.Since brakes are almost always conveniently close to the frame, though, in not sure that wireless buys you anything compared to wired. Electronic braking has most of the same problems regardless of wireless, and wireless doesn t simplify or improve any problems that I can think of? Maybe isolating each brake from the drive controller is desirable for reliability?So with all that complexity, using regular old hand brakes seems like the best solution. Even if you want smarter braking, using a system that works with hand brakes is probably better than a wireless or purely electronic overhaul.The sensorial feedback using analog hand brakes is the peak of UI - interfering with it requires some advantage that exceeds the loss of feedback and reliability.I can see wireless controls allowing for novel form factors where brake cabling isn t possible or becomes complicated, but for most regular bikes, it seems unnecessary.
On KDE, Falkon.On Gnome, Web .On macOS, Safari may not pass your non-corporate requirement, but it s spiritually non-corporate, and functionally just a browser . It s also wicked fast and extremely light on your resources.On many platforms, ungoogled-chromium may satisfy your needs. It s under the name eloston-chromium in many repos.
Traders.
Libc and linux kernel are good solutions to well defined problems a standard C library, and a kernelThat s subjective. I ve talked to a lot of Windows users who all say Linux is a terrible solution for them. I don t think most Debian developers feel they should suddenly drop everything and start making Linux exactly like a copy of Windows just to please those people. They voted on this several times, they wanted systemd. it is an OS functionality accretion for the benefit of distributorsThere s no problem with this. Most users don t touch the init system that much. They interact with it primarily through the package manager installing service files. solutions to too many problems that have nothing to do with initThose are all optional add-ons for users who are having thoes problems. It boots nondeterministically socket activation is not such a universally great idea This is also only an option. You don t have to use socket activation. It s there if you want it and you don t need to strictly order services. sometimes hangs randomly, it disrespects the user when ignoring keyboard input while waiting 90s or indefinitely for some conditionNot sure what this means or what keyboard input you were pressing. In systemd the keyboard shortcut to force reboot is pressing Ctrl Alt Del 7 times launching zillions of bogus hog processes for every user login eventNot sure what this means either. You can disable those.
I am both amused and horrified by the reluctance of developers to officially deprecate the extension. One post even suggested introducing E_NEARLY_DEPRECATED to handle this situation. Why can t people simply say, straight-up, that it is deprecated, and acknowledge that that means that it shouldn t be used in new code? It s not that big of a deal, is it?
Yes, that is what I had meant. I should have been more clear.I should also point out that if you have to fly through Chicago frequently, you must know that disruptions anywhere in the US can have a ripple effect and cause problems at O Hare. The airplanes have to come from somewhere first in order to have an outbound flight...Chicago is a huge Southwest hub, and Southwest flights almost never show up on travel sites. Additionally, the nearby airports rarely show Milwaukee or South Bend, both of which can be reached by train from downtown Chicago. The Amtrak Hiawatha stops at MKE slightly over an hour from downtown , though it s a bit inconvenient to get to the terminals from the train platform. The South Shore railroad about 2 hours from downtown stops right at the South Bend terminal, and you are maybe 100 feet from the gates. Both airports have daily nonstops to all the big hubs in the eastern US, such as Newark and Atlanta. If you feel that you are stuck in Chicago, dig a little deeper you probably aren t.
Congratulations and well done. I m just downloading it now. My first thoughts were if it was able to identify the 320 species of native trees we have here in NZ. My second thought was to wonder if it can be trained by the users to learn new species? I m still waiting for the app to finish downloading so have not tried it yet . It would be great to expand your knowledge base by having user contributions, perhaps in a curated or weighted submission process.
Uber employees, or people who work for uber?
I tried to do a startup in Erlang a few years ago. Haven t been able to watch the video because there aren t subtitles or a transcript, but here is why I don t use Erlang anymore the type system. Erlang OTP does MANY things correctly, where correctly is taken to be in line with my tastes , and yes this includes the inane issue of syntax.But the type system? Normally that wouldn t bother me, but I m coming from OCaml, where exhaustive checking of algebraic data types makes me invincible. With dynamic typing, my code feels extremely vulnerable, especially when refactoring a codebase. Of course, Erlang isn t alone in this I abandoned Ruby for similar reasons , but the pain of refactoring feels more acute in Erlang -- perhaps because idiomatic Erlang uses many short functions, making it easy to miss usages. So you have to rely on run-time testing to ensure complete coverage -- and that is nowhere near as easy nor reliable as a compiler that automatically checks everything for you.My dream language is one with ML semantics running on top of BEAM. That seems like a natural progression for a platform that was designed to be reliable -- while there have been attempts to graft a more versatile type system onto the Erlang base language, the cleanest way forward seems to be a language purpose-built for the task.
according to Google.I spend 5 minutes on american recipe websites to scroll through the SEO bullshit before finding the actual recipe, but that doesn t mean it s useful.So, no, it s just Google telling you to let them collect analytics on every aspect of your life for search improvement purposes .
This depends very much on a project. Ideally you should have a good test suite assuring that a given revision is correct before merging it into the mainline. If this is the case then every commit on the mainline should be considered an acceptable branching point.The advice in the article certainly makes sense for the kernel, but could be an overkill for well-tested small and medium projects. Keep in mind that the kernel is a special case both because of its size and the fact that such a low-level and hardware-dependent code cannot be comprehensively unit tested.
Interesting. Are there any situations where carrying water would be better than carrying compressed or hydride tanks? I would think there wouldn t be much, if any weight benefit, especially with the recent advances in lightweight design for aircraft tanks.
Not exactly a part of the GNU or Linux project, but Sylpheed works with Gmail over IMAP.
You can t really include Hulu in that list since it is based out of LA souther California and was started by Hollywood via the TV networks.Also, while it does match the spirit of what you are saying, most of Amazon is in Washington state rather than Northern California. Not sure where exactly the video team is based.
At least until you reach a certain size.
I can t program effectively if I think my wife is mad at me.Can confirm
Depends how much effort you want to put in. Zero? Simply assume that it s true for any restaurant in the US.
I feel like that seems somewhat likely but like most things I m not at all sure how much we will see it.
I ve wondered if recursively propagating down bonus points would be a fair way of solving this.For example, Acme, Inc ranks on a 1-5 scale, and all things being equal, a manager will get direct reports x3 points to allocate for his performance reviews.But Acme has a good quarter due to a strong engineering effort, so the CEO decides that Bob, VP of Eng, gets a 4, and he gets to allocate direct reports x4 points among his directors, who each get to allocate their score x their direct reports , and so on.I think there needs to be some adjustment to the equations, because it doesn t make sense that everyone under a superstar also should be rated a 5. But I like the general idea of having groups be accountable as a group, and having that propagate downwards into the organization.
Don Quixote. Specifically the translation by Edith Grossman.In high school I was assigned this book but I didn t read it all, it seemed like a waste of time to read 1000 pages about a silly knight.A few years ago I got into reading a lot of fiction translated from Spanish and Don Quixote got back on my radar so I decided to give it another try. I was blown away. It s astounding that a book from 500 years ago is still so funny and engaging today. Grossman s translation makes the book accessible and very enjoyable. If you didn t know the history you d believe it had been published in the last few decades.I recommend this because it s the best example of how literature can be time travel. When I smile at one of the adventures in the book I know that I m sharing an experience with readers across centuries. There s almost no other way to get that feeling.
Both Bungie and 343 have done an admirable job well, compared to other devs about explaining their network infrastructure etc. Back in the day they did a big talk about how their matchmaking in Halo2 3 worked that I think to this day is still one of the best methods of learning when you re not in the industry yet. I can t recall what it was called though might be the Chris Butcher - Recreating the LAN Party Online The Networking and Social Infrastructure of Halo 2 GS talk but I can t listen right now to check
Thanks for mentioning that. I d never heard of it playing with it now, and it seems very nice indeed!
This guy dealt with that, simply by not replying or acknowledging the email, then claiming That s not what I agreed to. His boss would support him. It worked, most of the time.Scott Adams once wrote a book The Way of the Weasel. It has some techniques in there that are remarkably familiar.
Most of these cheap Chinese cams suffer from the usual IoT issues Security is an afterthought hardcoded admin credentials 0 if the user even bothered to properly set them up in the first place. Shodan.io has plenty unsecured cams, from baby cams to security cams in shops 1 . Interesting way to kill a couple of hours, if you disregard the creep factor.As such I doubt worlds intelligence services, or organized crime, need to target any of these cheap webcam companies specifically. 0
Out.
I m simply too curious to listen to some convincing argument against my poor expositions... is there really no really convinced atheist out there willing to contrast my poor opinion? If it is really this way poor poor poor atheism...
Bezos Fire phone is an example of success drives success. Amazon is a success even after Fire phone failed because he could afford to do many things, have some of them fail and some work out well.It is perhaps classic survivorship bias if you look at Amazon initially, but after it got into a money printing machine the expansion shows how one success can lead to many mores even if some of them fail.
If his methodology is not on point, his hypothesis should be waaaay off point, and very easy to debunk.If that is the case, why are you attacking his lack of credentials and politics instead of his hypothesis?edit here is an actual paper saying the same thing the medium post is
From your link Tensions between government and the opposition, supported by the CIA, caused the short-lived Costa Rican Civil War of 1948 that ended Calderón s government and led to the short de facto rule of 18 months by José Figueres Ferrer.
When you mix ethanol with water it gets heated up saying The worst thing after drinking hot vodka is to have sex with sweaty woman .Yet, it was Dmitry Mendeleev inventor of Periodic Table of Element who discovered that 40 mixture of ethanol and water is the best combination. It is quite hard to achieve precise mixture ratio by hand.Yet in USSR you could buy pure drinkable spirit, here is a label of the bottle in cases when volume matters.
This is a case that has interested me for a while.. Photos definitely look the same.It seems a bit odd that Collier County sheriff s office haven t been able to confirm this yet, though?
Some hobbyists spend a fortune on miniature rail roads, some collect antique furniture or action figures, and there are those that obsess over stamps and coins.TL DR good to know that Apple fans have not yet forgotten about iPhones.
My hands sweat just reading about climbing. Thanks but I ll pass.
I just got back into CDs My daughter got a turntable and when I took her to the record store Waterloo Records in Austin to buy some records I felt like I had stepped out of a time machine. The experience was exactly as I remembered it when I was a kid. It s awesome.I ended up buying some CDs then realizing I didn t have a CD player. So I bought one, hooked it up to the home theater receiver and was blown away by how good it sounded.I ended up buying a desktop stereo system for my office and I listen to CDs as I work. The playing time is just about perfect as a reminder to get up, stretch, take a short walk, make a coffee or get some water, put on a new disc, and get back to work.So now I m buying CDs again and couldn t be happier. They are very inexpensive these days.
As it happens, I was playing around with martypc and msdos 6.22, and installed TurboPascal v1 on it. I built a hello world com that was just under 1k.
Wine is becoming like archive.org, but for win32 runtimes.
It is a similar product an ARM based single-board computer but other than that there is no relation.
This video was part of SoME2, a math video making contest created by 3blue1brown in the summer of 2022.
I have a very weird feeling that this Friday afternoon will bring some major news.
The entire Hunter Biden laptop saga isn t enough for you?Days before a national election they deliberately censored a story pertaining to corruption of one of the candidates, censored anyone that shared the story, and censored anyone that mentioned the censoring of the story.
The destruction of Google s, Apple s or Amazon s systems would obviously have a debilitating impact on national economic security . All of them are also contractors of the Federal Government.
Another one is Joe Marshall s syntax-rules Primer for the Merely Eccentric instead of syntax-rules , you ll probably use syntax-case , which is a lot easier to use for harder purposes, and also easier error-checking, just not as interesting as syntax-rules . Or, if you re using Racket, syntax-parse .Greg Hendershott s Fear of Macros should be an easy introduction to some of the newer ways, though it has some Racket-specific bits in it
Cloud 1 many community Support here.You absolutely do not have to pay us to report a bug, period. The same day this bug was filed, one of my colleagues pay... google.com jumped on the report and started asking questions to determine what was happening.It seems to me that the GP s complaint is that this process was too slow too much back-and-forth, too little dedicated attention to get the problem figured out immediately. That s a frustration which is easy to understand.The point about support contracts was most likely intended to emphasize that if your livelihood depends on a service, you should have an agreement in place that guarantees you can wake up an engineer on the weekend.
Easily solved by turning him into a state hero.
IP infringement is one half of the coin, industrial espionage the other.Historically, some of the very earliest documented cases of industrial espionage were performed against China by european powers. - The US is not innocent in that regard either, but probably much better at hiding their activity. We needed Edward Snowden to substantiate what people in the industry here in Germany had been suspecting for decades 0 I ve heard of numerous cases where german companies are developing new tech, and shortly before or after release an american company with close ties to the government releases an equal product. 0
This was just discussed in similar posts recently. But there are flaws with this idea of contemporary discrimination specifically when looking at statistics of people who get approved for a job, college, etc.Often times people advocate that those numbers should be equalized to some extent to be fair , regardless of the context around which those approvals are made. If applicants are given preferential treatment to balance these unfair results, well you are in fact the very problem you re trying to solve. Jobs or college acceptance should be based on performance or capability, and the root of the problem actually really lies in opportunity. Often times minorities don t have access to equal opportunity, which results in sub-average performance. But that does not mean we should necessarily just lower the bar for a demographic because that s their average. Rather we should work to balance opportunity, and continue to make actions on capability and performance because that s what s truly fair.We should not compromise people s lives when they ve worked hard regardless of race etc just because they aren t of a specific demographic and fit the majority even though they performed better and would theoretically contribute more than worse counterparts.Morgan Freeman actually talks about this in relation to race, and the blame lies on both of the sides of the spectrum that actively bring attention to and try to base decisions on race.
And a garbage can was set on fire. And one or two windows smashed. But to hear it from Fox news, they think its the LA riots from 92.
The work required to split things into .h and .cpp files is trivial and only needs to be done once. There s no need for a tool to simplify this 30sec step.
It it applying symmetry to an asymmetrical relationship.One company can go pretty long without hiring a given position.One person cannot go very long without taking a job.It is a detriment to the worker to not have good salary information, and the cards are clearly stacked in the employers favor. Thus, government action.
I think by lowering your pricing you will attract more customers and make more profit.It is an awesome idea but the basic product i.e. non bespoke needs to be cheaper. Although I know you look at the value you are adding, you also need to consider that another startup can easily copy your idea and outdo you on price.On the value proposition side. Yes a designer is more expensive but they can design something custom to my brand. This can be done as a word template then I just type my next report into that and it s done for free.As a comparison think about the autoresponder market. A 19 aweber plan should be sold for 1000 because think of all the envelopes stamps you are saving? Well it isn t because of Getresponse etc.
Check out the movie The Blind Side 2009 or the book by the same name. Its explores this very issue.
Bingo is a 5x5 grid, not 4x4. At best, this is bino . And you re missing the free space square in the middle.
The constitution protects our freedom of speech from the government, not from private entities on their own private property.Yet, it s somehow still illegal for the phone company to cancel your phone service because you said something they didn t like while making a call on their telephone network private property .You seem to be conflating constitutional rights violations by the government 1A with the abhorrent but legal! practice of censorship by private organizations.We ve passed all sorts of laws to protect our communications systems and secure access thereto. This but it s private property! argument is a red herring.
Choice of operating system won t affect whether or not people type away their details into random websites. Putting Windows and Linux in the same box and pushing iOS over them is also puzzling. Why would someone s non-technically literate parents happen to be running a Linux distribution on their personal computers and why would that make them more susceptible to giving their details away than running OSX?
Ever since pg put magazines out as a fund-worthy idea, I ve kept an ear open to see if anything innovative had been started, because it sounded like an interesting challenge. But these ideas are a bit obvious and sound like they ve taken the TV playbook and tried to apply it to magazines Add a cable tv subscription model! Add an interactive tv model with a chat box and games! Put TV on a different device!So, here s an idea I ll throw out there Someone create a magazine where the content is controlled by the subscriber base. Basically, take the idea of a sprint planning meeting into consumable media. Or, call it micro-commission media.This would probably be easiest to start with a review type magazine, like a Consumer Reports. I often notice that the reviewed products aren t the ones I m interested in learning about. Instead, upfront, you can let each subscriber allocate a set of points to review product X. Get enough points, and the product is reviewed. If you get manufacturers buying up a bunch of points to ensure their product is reviewed, so what--all that means is the product is bought and reviewed fairly.It takes away the hope that the article is something that someone will want to read--the readers have already indicated this by putting their money down on it. It takes care of a revenue model, and it melds a methodology that many people are passionate about into a different world.
A company I worked for started outsourcing a lot of its work to a certain Asian country last year. One of the issues we had when trying to recruit people is that they will just blatantly lie about their experience on their CV. Asking for a GitHub profile was an easy way to backup their claims, with minimal time wasted on my side - at least until they cotton on and start putting fake projects there. Admitidely trying to outsource work just to save money was dumb, but it wasn t my decision, so I had to make do
Hardly surprising. The last 50 edits to a Wiki I ve made were to private Wikias. Why? Because I actually contributed something, and the paragraph I wrote about bugs in a Fallout New Vegas location is still there in it s entirety, but with additions and conformations from users of other platforms.That s how Wikipedia was supposed to work. Now every time I try to do something, I know it will be deleted over non-notability. It s not even a question anymore, it s just a matter of time.Since we can break up articles into sub-topics very easily, there is absolutely no reason for this behaviour other than a love of power-tripping and some vague Wikipeida guidelines to fall back on. The editors are already in this thread, defending themselves. Nothing new, just the same We don t want pages about your unknown indie band . Talk about baby the bathwater.
You can run the numbers with HD video and audio with high words-per-minute and you d probably still be orders of magnitude below the model sizes
The top 1 net worth and the top 1 income are different things,Obviously. But if the figure is exclusive of their primary residence their return on investments isn t especially impressive-- e.g. it s sub index fund rates even assuming they have no other income than gains.
This story from last month comes to mind suspect hiring this company would make even a large budget wilt a bit. Just a bit P
Yeah, polyester nylon polypropylene are everywhere. There are some really good, reasonably priced all wool ones available here so much nicer than the plastic type, and seem durable so far the thick flat weave type has been holding up well on our stairs .
I have friends that have spent 10K - 20K in a year on time and one friend that works at M and spends all of his disposable income on it. You can get time for 500 or 600 an hour after you re experienced and then split it with others in the bigger tunnels so you are all flying at once.
I use it almost daily, don t have any issues. I run my own node though for my main wallet . I ve done transactions of up to 3k without hick-ups.Any custodial ones I have tested have worked well, though.
I think the biggest problem here, above anything else, is my first reaction Who the hell is Homehero, and why should I care? Also LOL at The 1099 independent contractor model, below, is very attractive as it removes excess cost and restrictions for employers. Yes, it is very awesome when you get people to perform full-time labor for you without having to worry about giving them insurance or benefits or anything like that!
One data point we signed a sublease 3 months ago at 18-20 lower than market. This was a 10k sqft space in a Class A building in FiDi. Also notable other subleases at the time were 10 off.
I recruit and work with high level execs who actually understand and respect the value of a good recruiter.The difference between executive search volume recruitment is chalk cheese. The two are mutually exclusive.Your posts are interest generating because they showcase the low underbelly of the industry and not the well respected recruiter.As I stated categorically in all my posts, there are plenty of good recruiters out their however there are infinitely more bad recruiters that drown them out. I m not claiming to be a lone ranger in a rogue industry, I know there are plenty of others out there just as fed up with the self-inflicted negative attitude towards the industry, the difference is I am making my opinion heard.
over 1 million people have downloaded itI don t know how many are actually using it, but I would imagine a lot less 10 of that? Of course if you have a big enough brand and enough advertising people will download it, but no amount of advertising will make people continue using a bad product.
These are not unfamiliar words to my northeastern US ear, although one might choose to moderate their use to limit distraction.
The solution is simple, we simply need to pass a law which makes it illegal for terrorists to use non escrowed key encryption software
Really missing the forests for the trees, here. It s clear that there are under-represented groups at CoinBase that are routinely discriminated. It is unthinkable to me for HN readers to defend that, but here we are regardless.Maybe I should have used the term under-represented minorities, because I don t see a single black or latino person admittedly, this is what I meant as brown since I m Hispanic .
Maybe a silly question, but why?Is this a way of visualizing connections in a way that, for instance, Wikipedia cannot?
Reading these comments makes me think of a crazy conspiracy theory Google killed Reader to promote search.
What s your business model? Cliqz seems to employ more than 120 people and I can t find any mention of how you ll make money.
That s interesting, did not know that. However, from what I ve read it seems you are entitled to a refund on your backing at any time, so even if technically the funding goal is reached the real funds may be a different amount.
44 atmNote that humans can and do work at higher pressures than this.
A stepping stone to fulldive VR would being able to stimulate my skin to think it is 10 degrees warmer than it actually is. You probably could achive that with limited and targeted application. I d implant that system and have an artificial sun in my office.
Fatties , really? I don t think that s called for, here.
Hahaha funny seeing you fzakaria here, knew I recognized that name! We worked on a hypemachine scraper a long time ago 12 or 13 years ago, glad to see you are still around writing great software and interesting articles!
Starwood Hotels.
But these are only promised to be checked at runtime, even though the compiler can sometimes hint at things earlier.
I started doing it with ctrl-left click on laptops a long time ago...but it s an annoying switch if I ve been using a desktop or an external mouse all day.
It is the reinvention of hyperlinking deep into alternate views rather than just the native app s main page. I use it but the reason why it hasn t taken hold is largely because it isn t standardized across platforms.Here s a routable handler that tries to standardize it and
This is pretty intense malware, but at some level it s reassuring how narrowly-targeted these attacks seem to be. Arguably, this is what the NSA is supposed to be doing targeted attacks against key systems in hostile nations, not mass dragnet-surveillance of everyone on the Internet.
Florida has an abundance of skeeters, but they do not test positive for malaria.
Interesting calculus of choices there I don t miss the distraction or privacy implications of my personal phone, yet I expect a company to issue me a phone which comes with distraction and privacy implications the subject surveillance of the article disregards whether a pocketed phone is corporate because it can work with numbers directly , and I also don t maintain a landline to sit for a phone screen to find that opportunity in the first place, so I expect to talk to you over Zoom ceding more privacy surprise, cellular call content is legally sensitive for LE, video packets aren t or in person.You probably don t realize nor intend this, but that can be a large red flag for your candidacy from the other side of the table, particularly if the role involves security because you re broadcasting a slight misjudgment of your threat vectors and exposure. The number of resumes most folks go through, expecting ravens from Winterfell will get you dropped fast. Torvalds could probably get away with making initial hailing frequencies that difficult, but you or I should just buy a phone number of some kind, as much as it sucks.The phone isn t the problem if you apply opsec correctly, buy the right one, and operate it like a compromise hazard. It is.
Only if you naively cherry pick nations to make a clickbait title.
Where have you been the past few weeks? The US government uses private business to track people.
I agree. All I see here is We know any reasonably smooth function can be approximated by a neural net, likewise it can be approximated by a polynomial. So they re the same! Imagine how it s going to blow their minds when they find out about Fourier transforms or wavelets!There are lots of ways to approximate functions the property of NNs that make them attractive for ML isn t the universal approximation theorem. It s that there s a fast, robust method of training then that s easy to implement, easy to vectorize, easy to parallelize, and easy to customize for different applications.
I wonder to what degree these results come from more training and emergent capability from that vs these kinds of riddles now being known and well represented in training material?Adjacent one thing that makes llama3 special is that they spent extra effort on deduplicating training data quality increased training data quantity and used 4x more code in training material good for reasoning .So perhaps we can still see huge capability gains in these small models by spending more effort on training data curation and generation?
furyg3 knows that the book only has proper hyphens. Amazon took down the book because they thought it was full of line break hyphens. It wasn t, but that s what Amazon thought because they never actually looked.
Awesome to see how a tiny convenience fix can turn into something much more substantive. Thanks for sharing.
It s about taking known 2D graphics and UI approaches which were developed for CPUs and looking at effective rendering engine architectures doing the same using GPUs. Terms such as scene graph , retained mode UI , etc. are those existing 2d graphics matter.So the approach, afaiu, is a data layout for the scene graph that basically is the more domain general concern of mapping graph e.g. Linked List, datastructures that are CPU friendly to array forms GPU friendly suitable for parallel treatment. Other GPU concerns, such as minimizing global traffic by local caching, and mapping thread groups to tiles. I found the idea of having the scene graph resident in GPU to be interesting. note to author serialization comes from networking roots of serializing a data structure for transmision over the net. So, definitely serial. g
I find a lot of people don t get pedagogy. They want immediate, authoritative statements on what is good or bad. Haskell isn t really about that. It s about the 10s of equivalent ways to solve every simple problem. That s what makes it fun. And fun is Haskell s secret sauce.
I think this is the weakest argument? Selective enforcement of rules is a time-honored tradition and seems to be explicitly reserved as the right of the rules-enforcer everywhere. It might be a good argument in a hypothetical debate about the fairness and compassion displayed by Apple, but I don t think you d get far with it convincing either Apple itself or even a court if one somehow was interested.
With today s technology I don t think you need to talk without a lawyer to better case your alibi.You have to remember that it is legal USA for the police to lie to you but not the other way around.
For the UNIX world you d have Midnight Commander
The expanded scale raises concerns - avoiding secure locations that scan your face is less burdensome than refraining from public air travel, and a homeland security-curated traveller face db would have a wider reach than a secure site s records.
It really depends what you re looking for answers to.If you re looking for more trustworthy product reviews than the ones on an Amazon product page, or you re looking for how to fix an obscure problem with your 3d printer, it s damn reliable. Having the opportunity for open and anonymous conversation on these things increases the chance of meaningful discussion.For the former, Google search results are a hodge podge of bought-and-paid for best of sites, and for the latter dominated by ancient niche forum posts and shitty Quora answers.Half of the Internet is now soulless self promotion and devious attempts to advertise without you knowing you re being advertised to.So two cheers to Reddit, frankly. We could do a hell of a lot worse.
I mean, I asked it for a samurai from a specific Japanese time period and it gave me a picture of a non-binary indigenous American woman its words, not mine so I think there is something intentional going on.
I have a theory that our brain is tied to hand muscles. Handwriting is one way to exercise them. Playing an instrument is another.
The jobs aren t going on Craigslist that was just a comparison to explain to a layman what the freight brokerage listing sites look and operate like. Using these sites is pretty common in the industry.
It does a lot more than lower brightness and cap clock speeds, it also disables night-shift and screws with all of the background process and predictive fetching, etc which the OS does.
If you re shopping for a 4K display to do professional video editing, I suspect this Sharp 32 might be preferable
Not sure if that is enough. They seem to have facebook and twitter links and as far as I remember these usually come in a JavaScript spyware bundle and those are only the obvious ones.
Time value of money is a serious issue.There s a nice private engineering-focused school near me that costs 5424 for 8 credits per semester as a part timer or 13013 for 12 or more credits per semester. So 50 more credits graduates you 50 sooner but costs a mere 139 more money.Of course you need to factor in the cost of living to come up with a total cost of taking 8 years vs 4 years.The math can get extremely weird if you can do scholarships you might run a moderately large net profit if you join the military in a support role commo tech? and take some classes during your enlistment and some CLEP tests, then collect the GI Bill afterward leaving the military while in school if you have some financial self discipline. Or a ROTC scholarship, etc. Reserves will get you less money but go quicker. National Guard service, depending on state, may result in 0 tuition at a state school.I would recommend against ROTC scholarship in that the military will assign your branch based on stack ranking GPA, and engineering school GPAs tend to be pretty low compared to anything else, not that there s anything inherently wrong with chem corps or air defense. Also officer life is management not technical so if you have an EE degree you re unlikely to get branched commo or cyber you re statistically more likely to manage 50 truck drivers because in the military management is interchangeable cogs. Still, if you re willing to do work unrelated to EE for a couple years the military would provide a negative cost AKA net profit if you want a cheap degree .
While I agree that Bootstrap is awesome I use it myself , it s worth pointing out that what Twitter open sourced was not the magic of their core product, but rather the templates that they use to create internal applications. If you look at twitter.com, you don t see any of the same elements that are included in Bootstrap.
Upwork? They are a firewall, though you pay dearly for that.Other than that weak suggestion, I don t have anything to offer you except sympathy. Sorry to hear about your situation.
if you pronounce the foo part of foot the same way you pronounce foobar, then foot sounds a lot like the Swedish word fotwait... foo in foobar isn t pronounced like foo in foot??
I agree that s a really striking and suggestive result, but keep in mind the sub-sample size there is four passing on the private side and six failing on the public side. My guess is there s a real and meaningful effect there, but it may not be to the degree that sentence without context would suggest.
procrastination is also the reason I m here
The link i get is !PAGINA INTERDETTA DAL CENTRO NAZIONALE PER IL CONTRASTO DELLA PEDOPORNOGRAFIA ONLINE C.N.C.P.O. Il tuo browser sta tentando di raggiungere un sito Internet contenente immagini e filmati di pedopornografia minorile. L inibizione dell accesso a questo sito é prevista dalla legge n. 38 2006.Questo servizio di protezione della navigazione sulla rete Internet è predisposto grazie alla collaborazione tra il Centro Nazionale per il Contrasto della Pedopornografia Online e gli Internet Service Providers italiani.La visualizzazione intenzionale, la diffusione, la detenzione, la cessione, la produzione e la commercializzazione di questo tipo di materiale sono puniti dalla legge come reato.
Are you happy with your customers knowing this?
Comprare to some very interesting languages Haskell, Erlang, Scala Python is more widely available and allows you to produce good, portable, well-performing code quickly and easily.Scala code compiles to Java bytecode, and performs comparably to Java code. It s just as portable and performant as Java, which means very portable and fairly performant.
There s not one mention of AI having a body in your article. IMO, this is the primary missing factor in discussing the technology. And memories of that body s experience, of course.
If dogfooding is the main reason behind using Angular, it s a bit ironic that 10 ? of teams at Google use Google Cloud over Borg.
Not just this idea, almost every question of consciousness intelligence self awareness is approached in some form or another, from different angles.I could go on about it, but I ll just say it s the best SF I ve read in a long while.
I don t think that is an accurate summary. There is tons of scientific evidence for short, high intensity training like this. The only legit complaints were the idiot saying it is useless because it won t make you into a power lifter it certainly won t make you a power lifter, but that doesn t make it useless , and the people pointing out that you should check with your doctor first to make sure you don t hurt yourself.
how much you make i.e. disclosing current or previous salary, not how much you want to make.
Removing the second CSI Camera Connector is what immediately killed it for my use case
Definitely one more victim of its popularity. Error 525 - SSL handshake failed One day we should do some stats about site going down on HN. That would make a nice narrative for why engineering matters and running a site on your own home server ain t real business.
To be fair, IE was awful and held back the industry. Likely, it was awful and held by the industry by design.To this day, the versions of IE in use by actual people are awful. MS finally has Edge, which isn t awful, but absolutely no one uses it.If I tell an end user to get Chrome or Firefox, that s the end of the problem, whatever system they have it will work. If I try to tell someone to update their IE or to get Edge, I m stepping into a black hole of trying to divine which version of Windows they re on and how recent their updates are. None of my mac loving coworkers can easily test against IE or Edge and headless unit testing against IE isn t a thing.
I ve always been at a complete loss as to why and how we ended up with the archaic and clunky in-car systems we have today.If you look at a smartphone from 5 years ago and a vehicle from 5 years ago, the capability of the phone is going to dwarf that of the in-car infotainment system. In all honestly, that 5 year old phone will likely out perform most of the infotainment systems in vehicles rolling off the assembly line right now. I don t even want to think what consumers are being charged on a line item basis for the outdated hardware in vehicles.I still can t figure out why car companies are even attempting to build these systems themselves besides profit, I suppose . Pretty much every American has a phone in their pocket that is much more capable than any infotainment system, and it specializes in the things we mainly want from an infotainment system music, maps gps, txt, calls .Wouldn t it be so much better if vehicles just had a barebones screen in the dash with a connector for smartphones to power the system? You could even have the screen size mirror the resolution of the phone so it s just scaled up and rotated. Doesn t seem like much else would have to be done.I m sure I m over simplifying things to some extent, but it still seems like a setup like this would be much easier to produce and much better to use than anything coming from car companies who are typically pretty terrible at software and UX design. of course not all vehicles are for Americans and not everyone has a smartphone.
Didn t Google say they re operating Moto as a walled-off separate company so that it would have no advantage over other phone vendors?
I m saying the opposite.
Because I don t trust anyone. I feel that human interference is a security problem that can t be overcome and should be reduced by every possible means.
Please note This article is about Adblock Plus. AdBlock is a completely separate extension with different developers, and is 100 user-supported.Details
Just inertia from the times where teletypes were a thing. As in, a mechanical printer that served as your console.That s more than inertia, that seems to cross the threshold for ceremony. When was the last time that actual printers teletypes were used, the 60s?The inwrtia part of it is people imitating what they already see on a project cause why would you disrupt something as a newcomer on a project and line length rules which I ve seen come up from time to time along the years not sure if a 120 character line length is enforced nowadays within the kernel
Ergo, the universe would be better without life?This kind of philosophy is baffling to me. How could anyone find it attractive, except for the perverse pleasure you get from trolling other people? And what kind of value is that to base a life on?
Not at all. You re assuming first names and last names are independent.For example, meet a Jones . There s a good probability that his first names is Thomas .Meet a Thomas . There s a low probability his last name is Jones .That s because Jones is predominantly Welsh in origin, and Thomas is a pretty liked given name in Wales. This of course would be more true in Wales than people of Welsh ancestory living far from Wales. And perhaps despite and because of the great singer Tom Jones, this combination may have fallen over the past few decades.However, my family name is pretty location-specific in the UK, and even the diaspora of the name that went to places like North America tended to keep up traditional, albeit 2-3 centuries later.Another example of non-independence would be a name like Ahmed as given name and Zhang as family name. Zhang is an extremely common family name on a global scale, as is Ahmed as a given name. However the possibility of Ahmed and Zhang overlapping as a combination is slim. Perhaps it could happen in Singapore or Malaysia, but then even Zhang is probably converted to a Hokkian Hakka Cantonese equivalent spelling, which is not Zhang . Given the scale of these names, I m sure there Ahmed Zhang s knocking around, but probably not that many.The great thing about statistics is it is about discovery, not assumptions.And assuming everything is nice easy math, independent, or stochastic, is one of the greatest mistakes we can all make when looking at numbers.
The reentry videos during the 3rd launch were unreal. Live images of plasma dancing.Just looking at the 2 vehicles stacked also looks sci-fi.It s great being part of another space age, having missed the first one when it was at its peak. Exciting times.
Especially when dealing with such a waste of paper as the Australian Senate ballot paper...
The wording of the title is correct it would be entirely nonstandard to describe him as a Chinese comedian . But also he strikes me as distinctly Canadian in ways that go beyond having been born here I m Canadian . The point that he makes about adaptability to other cultures is salient. And the Darshan character s eager-beaver obligingness is a comedic exaggeration of Canadian niceness .It s interesting that none of the people who express annoyance about Darshan in this thread show any recognition of the distinction between the performer and his character something Rowswell wrote about at length. Perhaps he is intrinsically annoying and his critics are on to something inauthentic in his act, but to a blank slate observer such as myself it seems as likely that his offense is to have over-accommodated the Chinese perspective instead of sticking with certain Western prejudices.In any case he is an extraordinarily fascinating case study in the grey area between two cultures.
Grasshopper seems like the most close thing to MightyCall as far as UX goes so I might check them out.Either way, thanks for the feedback!
Oh for God s sakes let it be. If you want to boycott Amazon then Fine. Do it. No one s stopping you. But don t spam other threads with your political views.
I m a little out of the loop in more ways than one, but isn t the entire meta-shtick of the Colbert Report that everything he says is exactly the opposite of what the audience and creative staff think? His character is a one-man out-group, designed to be laughed at.If he was praising their capitalist spirit as the second coming of Ronald Reagan himself, perfect for the moral education of the next generation of Republicans, then Kwedit would have reason to be worried.
I assume that your business doesn t advertise, yes? Since advertising is a scourge that steals time and attention.
you d need to show that the object is never passed to for..in or Object.keys or similar, and unless you solve the halting problem, you can t do that.This is pretty blatantly incorrect. Just because a problem is undecidable in general doesn t mean that there aren t specific cases where it can be solved. Optimizing compilers deal with undecidable problems all over the place, generally by either being conservative and lumping together proved-impossible with unable-to-be-proved invariants, or doing speculative optimizations with an unoptimized fallback. Just proving the type of a variable in Javascript is undecidable in the general case
they respect it, but because it s so frequently misused or plain broken, it s basically sidelined vs. more optimal methods for preventing indexation, or getting an already-indexed piece of content removed, such as the noindex tag.
Granted, from now on all your electronic devices will run Windows 2000 IA-64.
I went with Outlook 365. I ve been using it for the last 2 years at my office and really like the rules options. It s been really pleasant and the Office web compatibility is nice.
I keep my 3d printer in a second bathroom with a strong exhaust fan. When I use it I just close the door and let it do it s thing.
If you buy whole or fractional cow, the butcher will typically hand you boxes of separately vac-sealed cuts. At that point, it s really hard to beat the convenience of grab one, throw it in the circulator . You don t even need to defrost it.
YouTube lately has this issue where the back button just doesn t work at all. I click to take me back to search results and nothing happens I click again and then I see whatever I had opened prior to YouTube.Also Google Shopping doesn t let me change my search terms I type something new, press enter, and nothing happens.And Google Search has been showing the wrong dates for Reddit threads, showing older posts than the time range I selected.All of these issues have shown up only in the past month or two maybe massive layoffs lead to massive mistakes? .
It s a chemistry pun about the process of oxidation, oxides such as rust have a chemical formula of XO3 where X is the oxidized element. The library is called Py Oxide PyO3 where the oxidized element is Python
Conventional economics states that in a natural monopoly the state should be the sole provider.
Apple s decision to store the keys on Chinese servers was criticized because it effectively reduced security for Chinese iCloud users Chinese users of Apple s iCloud service will see their data along with that data s cryptographic keys stored inside the country beginning Wednesday, Reuters reports. The move will mean that Chinese authorities will have easier access to Chinese users iCloud data than before when that data was stored in the U.S. The move is a contentious one, as human rights activists say Chinese authorities will now have an easier means of obtaining dissidents data since it no longer needs to go through the U.S. legal system to get Apple to hand over its cryptographic keys for Chinese users.
Could we get a new section for HackerNews that says Social Media Drama ? Then we could filter this entire soap-opera out?
In 1995, Pincus launched his first startup, Freeloader, Inc., a web-based push technology service that was acquired seven months later by Individual, Inc. for 38 million - Wikipedia.If that wasn t a win, I don t know what is...
Probably OP is complaining about the green-on-black style of jwz s blog.
Nice! What s the use case your agent solves for?I m happy to spin up some scenarios that are more relevant for you instead of our stock demo personas Feel free to email me at sumanyu hamming.ai
The conclusion that nation wide legislation would fix this is, at best, wishful thinking.ATMs are secure because banks would lose money if they weren t. Not because of regulation.Regulation leads to a bare minimum of safety, not a best-in-class security.One thing banana-republics all have in common is nationalized voting commissions. Doesn t turn out as well as the author here suggests.
That depends on the jurisdiction.On most countries copying software without paying the owner is a criminal offense.How much the local authorities bother following up with this kind of crime is another matter.
Materials with high radioactivity have a short half life and materials with low radioactivity have a long half life. So that makes the problem a bit better.Then look at the kind of stuff that they have to bury and store. It s not just the fissile material itself, it s pretty much everything that had to have had contact with it. Wikipedia mentions steam generators, pumps, lids of reactor pressure vessels 1 - those seem very reasonable to just dump in the ocean.I agree that material that can be used as fuel for modern reactors in the future should be kept accessible. 1
Is this really the standard academic way ?At my school, CS classes started in C, did a touch of PHP JS, then a functional language was scheme, now OCaml , and then a giant hodgepodge of whatever you the professor wanted.
This has such a huge potential impact! Having talked with them, I love the model of subsidizing developing countries by charging the ones in the USA.
70 of professional athletes in the US have financial hardships shortly after they retire. 1 70 !!!The article s way off. It s somewhat correct for why rich superstar athletes go broke after retirement. But the reality is that this shouldn t be surprising because at least 70 of professional athletes make almost no money, retire very young not by their choice , and have few transferable skills.There s 5,000 minor league baseball players alone who except for a few are essentially broke. And the average NFL career is over by the time the player is 25. For every Antoine Walker who blows through 50 million, there s 1,000 27-year olds with chronic injuries, maybe an opiate addiction, and not much in the way of job prospects.
Also all squares are the same screen size not taking projection distortion into account...
You think maybe you could track down and read the original before making inferences based on my vapid summary? I m interested in whether you still think I m off base here.
I don t think we weaponized AOL cds, even though we certainly had enough of them in the 90 s.
I tapered off of my Suboxone prescription gradually over a long period of time. By the end of it, I was taking very tiny pieces of the film. They were small enough that at some point, it was probably more mental than anything.I wish you all the best! After getting off of it, the hardest part for me was still maintaining a clean lifestyle while avoiding the types of people and behaviors that lead to scoring or abusing other drugs alcohol included as well.
On Mac terminal, use the up-arrow, Luke. Or the usual nix history editing !whois p to make sure you don t do something dangerous twice, like !rmAuto-anything on ios varies from frustrating to downright hilarious, or as the phone suggests, hula.
Amen. Everybody can code is toxic thinking. If you can t chisel down a problem without importing half of NPM and a sprawling tour of GitHub StackOverflow, then you are part of the problem.
Their engineer claims it was an issue with BGP does not show anything indicative in the BGP default-free table what the Internet sees , as abnormal or misconfigured. While there could be iBGP issues, like others have stated there was intermittent connectivity by IP during the outage.It s both bullshit PR and more importantly spreading disinformation to save face. Why?A security breach would instill customer fear and generate negative press. Customers would leave by the droves.A DoS DDoS displays that GoDaddy has inadequate infrastructure while competitors such as CloudFare actually do. Furthermore, why would a company that pisses off the Internet be appealing to anyone? Again it will generate negative bad press, and customers will leave by the drove.Spreading disinformation by claiming it was either a human error or equipment fault? From a company perspective this is actually the best option. Just provide generous service credit to your customers, you may generate positive press, you will gain customer goodwill and regain their confidence. This is GoDaddy s best option.Until they provide actual details with proof that it was a misconfiguration or hardware fault, I will continue to call bullshit. Too many factors don t add up, especially the publicly available data which monitors the BGP DFT on the Internet.The two conjectures that seem plausible so far is the SQL injection in their web interface for DNS and or a DoS DDoS attack.
Yes, we will. We want to be the bridge --- for maybe, I don t know, 9-18 months? --- between we ve reached the point where we think we need a security team and we ve been doing security long enough as a team that we know what we need for a full-time lead security person .There s a weird adolescence that happens between those two points where we see people struggling to staff effectively.We think we can get companies to a point where they ve built a solid security program and run it for months before hiring for security --- and that the net result is that you re hiring that role more like how Jason Fried from Basecamp would say you should hire when you understand the role so well that you know exactly why and how you should hire for it.We could always be wrong.
I wonder if it would fit the use of excess renewable electricity.It s exactly the opposite. The pots 1 in the smelter get their lifetime reduced if they have to be restarted, and if restarted multiple times that can be quite significant 2 . They can survive without power for a few hours, but they freeze over after a day or so which leads to the most damage.As such they really want stable and cheap electricity, like hydro. 1
Exactly. I doubt there s a single piece of .NET client-side software that a non-geek has heard of Word, IE, paint, etc. .
When there s stablecoin, you just put your dollar in stablecoin before they print the money, the dollar inflates, stablecoin goes up proportionately,Printing fiat makes stablecoins denominated in the currency lose real value, not gain in it. Stablecoins denominated in a different currency would gain nominal value in the printed currency, the same way direct holdings in the alternative currency would. So, no, to the extent easy money policy makes people rich fairly directly, holders of stablecoins denominated in the currency would not be among the beneficiaries.
Side streets need to support their fair share of traffic. Most cars these days are very quiet, barring the occasional beater, utility truck, and ricer. That being said, if they slow cars down Waze will direct less drivers to them.
Opposite to what?There are many possible outlooks on income inequality and wealth distribution. They don t fit in a line.
Their lawyer needs to go over that very carefully to find that out.
I was exposed to paper tape for about six months during my first job. I thought it was amazingly cool technology. You could actually read the one s and zero s and enter them by hand if needed into the PDP 11 34 s front panel keypad. No head crashes or corrupted sectors. Even if the tape ripped you could reproduce the data.
Hi Nilef - thanks and great questions!1 Influencers give us access to thei accounts directly so we can look at their audience data and create a product portfolio that works best for them! So far they have not had any concerns in giving us permissions to access that data.2 We use both audience data income level, age, etc market research for pricing as an eg. previous product launches that we did for other influencers in the cake category as an eg. in a category to create an ideal product portfolio for a given influencer.3 Yes, we are doing a lot of this manually at the moment - trying to understand the winning sauce. But AI Machine Learning to scale this in the future!
Let s not kid ourselves. Bonus points, just imagine your data on the screens of employees founders who think like this these are people sharing bragging publicly.
vancouver is completely different. the government is intentionally depressing prices.
But the original post is about factorial, which has nothing to do with fibonacci!
That was more than 3 months ago. Github goes down more often than that.
very nice but do you think neural networks will also be able to interpret the function of these genotype ?
Really? What s wrong with TCL TK?
I legit saw this title and thought oh is this built on Amazon Braket? , so I d disagree that no one could be confused. Quantum Computing may be a while away, but a lot of companies are claiming to have launched Quantum-ish things, so when I see things like this I do in fact assume that they re implying some relation to quantum computing or something else quantum.
Is this a joke? Hint You pay for the hosting, not the uploading process...
The model seems quite similar to a subset PD, with only object and message boxes. Objects can have only a single output port. edit I was mistaken, they can have multiple ports, though as far as I can tell there s no port-sequencing rules a la PD . Objects don t seem to be addressable the only messages that can be sent are via the visible connections.The type system seems to be directly leveraging the host JS type system, but the docs seem a bit sparse on that.The documentation on control flow is empty, so it s not clear what the model there is precisely, but it apprears that the entire system is message-based, given the way the Hello, World is written output hello, wait a bit, output world .The documentation suggests that what s novel about Flyde is the integration with other codebases, but it s JS TS so it requires that whole enviroment. PureData is embeddable in any C application, so any language with C FFI can integrate.
Even taking into account the fact that its is parable and not recount of the history of Git which you can find in some detail on Git Wiki, by the way , one point stays it is IMVHO bad practice to explain staging area in the terms of splitting changes into more than one commit and or comitting with dity tree, i.e. with some changes uncomitted. Staging area main strength besides being explicit version of other SCMs implicit to-be-added area is dealing with CONFLICTED MERGE, and that is how it should be explained, I think.
It s a requirement given the stringency of clearances. The article didn t touch on it, but since Binney Snowden and revelations about the domestic focus, you may not have the same kind of recruitment retention you would have otherwise in this demographic.
I guess silence clips are intended for paying users, no one would want to listen to ad interrupted silence.
The way to go with foobar is to download a premade UI you like. Sometimes the installation process is a little convoluted, but nothing compared to customizing its UI yourself from scratch. Back when I used foobar a lot, my go-to UI artist was br3tt on DeviantArt, I don t know if he s still active.Nowadays I listen to music off my phone, and on that platform BlackPlayer is as close to perfect as a music player gets.
How is Wikipedia protected from state actors biasing the content?
I appreciate the author building a more efficient alternative to base64, but I had to laugh for a moment at the suggested use case.Using an alternative to base64 encoded data for web pages and node is a horrible idea. If I came across a code base using that I would scream. A lot. None of my tools work with it, and now my browser has to run a bunch of js for something that s normally native and very fast. Its a 1-2kb savings per page that s going to make somebody jump off bridge one day.More terrifying is that the JavaScript community is so fascinated by shiny objects that thousands of people are going to use this. I m not sure if it s more funny or terrifying.Anyways, this encoding is still useful if you need to pass data between legacy systems. I ve used html escapes and ASCII85 before to get around annoying old stuff that doesn t use Unicode many times
I don t know of any typical IF regimen that alternates between unrestricted feeding and complete water fast daily, which is the only feeding strategy studied here.
I m new to the community but the overall wisdom suggests that you should, if possible, save releasing on HN till you have the MVP. It s a good gauge for measuring the interest but if you launch after you have the MVP, you could legit get more traction, sign-ups, paying leads and actionable feedback. Because I m not quite sure if you launch the same thing after you have the MVP, it would have the same reception since it was already launched once. Obviously, let me know if I m wrong, because it s what I m under the impression because even I m waiting to release a personal project once it s done.
It s true that they didn t violate the API documentation, but it s also true that as your parent suggests it probably would have been better if the API documentation had explicitly stated that substring is O 1 , such that this change would have been breaking. At the very least it would have made it more obvious, and at most it would have forced them to make a new method for the new behavior.
Maybe Hanukkah Bush is a totally valid taxonomic classification.
Huhwhat? Download eclipse, search for android in the marketplace, click ok repeatedly, write your code, plug in your phone, push the deploy button, and it Just Works. At least that s always been my experience.
can you be a bit more specific what are your requirements? Certainly services like twilio and firebase can help you, but still you need to write some lines of code.
In theory, you can write another language frontend for the Dart VM, but it isn t being utilized a lot as I can tell.Here s a year and a half old page describing the Dart VM s internals here are two examples of different frontend add-ons for the Dart VM, although outdated and
While you mention that many of the benefits of keeping the source closed are either false or unimportant to you, you don t really give any compelling reason to open the source.Your argument for open sourcing your product is simply why not? rather than why
One thing I was hoping to get answered is, what is the revenue growth or dip these companies have seen. I think that may give a better context to this story. Job loss headlines alone sounds like doom and gloom, but that may or may not be the case depending on how the money is flowing...
When people try to argue against socialized medicine they like to point out how the American system doesn t have wait timesWait till you find out why America has a shrinking number of primary care physicians.
140,000 for a BA in photography? Good luck paying that off...
Just don t care about the career. Be happy. Rethink if you can be with this woman you cannot trust anymore. Life is much more than just a nice job.
I disagree with that point. People are not going to stop searching for things online, and while Google does try to capture some of that traffic and keep people on Google, it doesn t work, even when they get it right, except for the simplest of queries. Anything more involved and I always click through to read more of the source material. I don t think that will change either.
Is SSF still a large city in terms of cost of living and owning a home?Personally, by living in a large city I m giving up the ability to own a home in exchange for access to niche resources such as ethnic enclaves, bohemian artist communities, cultural events, groups dedicated to uncommon hobbies, etc. Just having trendy restaurants and coffee shops wouldn t do it for me.
I had hoped that when I said drive there for the day that it would be a clear indication that Mexico was not your final destination, it was a temporary stop on your way to your final destination to avoid being flagged by US commercial airlines, but apparently not.As others have pointed out, one can simply drive into Mexico or Canada for a day trip quite easily. After that you could hop on a plane there.
The beauty of RDF is it can support schema promiscuity i.e. you can have many schemas for your same data. You can do that with OWL. In typical graph databases you are fixed on nodes, properties and edges, but in RDF you can choose what should be node and properties arbitrarily. My issue with RDF has been performance works great for categorical, relationship heavy data, but not so much for numerical data.
People posting porque on English forums are not trying to communicate with Spaniards.
1. Individual action and legislation are not exclusive.2. Legislation will happen faster if people act. Politicians know that when people say one thing and do another, they ll vote consistently with their behavior. News of waste like this tells politicians not to legislate conservation because it doesn t represent the people.People conserving will tell politicians voters want it.
Sometimes at work I daydream about this alternate reality where we let go of the idea of an universal API on top GPUs and just let vendors publish some ISA and hardware-specific libs drivers docs. I m sure people would figure out nice and less nice abstract libraries on their own just as well.It s so frustrating to read what the GPU is actually capable of for example in the intel PRMs and to know that there is absolutely no way to get the driver s compiler to do the right thing in a reliable way.I mean imagine if icc was the only x86 compiler.
but the worst thing that can happen is that music will no longer be a profitable activity.For me, the worst that could happen is that people spend so much time listening to AI generated music, that human musicians can no longer find audiences to connect to. It s not just about economics though that s also huge . It s the psychological cost of all of us spending greater and greater fractions of our lives connected to machines and not other people.
This is one of the first times I ve heard of people using Daft in the wild. Would you be able to elaborate on where Daft came in handy?Edit Nvm, I kept reading! Thanks for the interesting post!
Voting, in its modern form, is only as old as the Enlightenment Define modern. i.e. why wouldn t Athens count? eligible voters, all of whom were free, male, and white Most were white, but all male citizens of age could vote, including immigrants from worldwide, and free black men.
An always randomly expanding collection of video interviews, with makers and founders from a variety of sources and perspectives.
I see. So whenever monthly inflation goes up, it s transitory, and when it doesn t, there is no inflation.Meanwhile, prices on a lot of things I buy doubled.
Perhaps best read after the blog post from current O Reilly media president Laura Baldwin, which makes two important points 1 Book sales have been consistently declining overall, in all media. It s not clear that DRM has much to do with this.2 They ll still be selling DRM-free through at least one merchant, Google Play. It s not clear whether this policy extends to Amazon as well, but they wouldn t be the first publisher selling DRM-free there Tor s science fiction novels have been DRM-free through all merchants for a few years now. Source
I stopped believing in the well-intentions of NVIDIA a long time ago. Mind you, I didn t stop buying their products. But, they repeat the same shitty stuff all the time. I get why they do it, I get why it works, it s just annoying that people defend it as if it is altruistically motivated not accusing you of this in particular, but in general .And, as I said, AMD didn t, and still doesn t do a great job in the compute department. And, NVIDIA spent a lot of money developing good solutions with CUDA, their proprietary technology, cannot be anything but a good thing, right?Invest money to help universities. Lock core software to your proprietary solutions. Jack up prices.If they only did it in this instance, I d perhaps give them the benefit of the doubt. But, off the top of my head - cuda - phys-x - gsync - Gameworks in general - rtx - dlssThere is really nothing uniquely special about any of these technologies, other than being mostly software solutions tied to NVIDIa hardware, and being pushed heavily onto both developers and researchers.It s the same playbook as give MatLab for free to students . These good deeds are not altruistic, they are investments in market capture.
I ve got a few people in my feed who just dump on the right no matter what. I ve fact checked them a little bit. Again it s about a 2-1 for me fact checking my right leaning and left leaning friends typically older . But I keep all of them on there just to have an ear to the ground.
Product differentiation would be an obvious next step - Start growing a player community which is how Kongregate works - Place more extreme filters on quality or genre this is the basis of sites like physicsgames.net .- Invest in some exclusive content. This is expensive and probably a bad idea at the early stage, but the fastest way to get started is to go onto FlashGameLicense and browse the stuff that s up for bid or auction.I would suggest taking some time to figure out your focus before you go too deeply into the site optimization, else you ll build the wrong thing.
that solves the gpu problem of high-resolution rendering and the bandwidth issue, but is the density of pixels in the display enough to fool the eye?
Anyone happen to know where I can find general information on implementing something like this? I m interested in implementing this mechanic in Flash for a game . I looked through the source code and it seems like a lot of code just to get to the point. Hoping to find something more basic that I can port over.
Good question. I m using VSCode as an IDE for React now but I understand very well why some people use Webstorm.
If we can officially crown a new era, it s the era of pat catchphrases and clickbait. The Pacific Century has a nice ring to it it s memorable it s a strong catchphrase. So it makes the cut, no matters its inanity. Even serious journalism, academic research, and industry white papers are coming under intense pressure to adopt the methods of punditry.I d say this is less about pageviews and comments, and more about acute awareness of hashtags. The Pacific Century, Crowning the Dragon, and other such phrases are conscious attempts to create hashtag-ready hooks for the article.
Just enter this in the address bar may have to manually re-type javascript javascript void delete window.console
Of course but I consciously knew that fact - that nice notebooks are practically infinite and it s just the money to obtain them that s scarce - for many years while still having a hangup. Knowing that fact never helped me, it wasn t until circumstances conspired to prove it to my subconscious for the specific case of nice notebooks that I actually began to act like I believed it. Up until that point, writing in nice notebooks always required a conscious effort to overcome the subconscious fear that nice notebooks themselves were scarce.I think our brains just aren t very careful or rigorous about what they attach that scarcity label to, they will happily attach that label to the product itself instead of the money you paid for it. Consciously presenting our subconscious with disconfirming observations can be an effective tool to update our subconscious labeling.
Wasn t a fragment of the True Cross rumoured to have gone down with the Moskva last year?
They re already heavily taxed. But why vilified?
I needed this. I have spent the past 24 hours shell-shocked.By pure chance I was not at my usual spectator spot at the marathon yesterday for the first time in 4 years in front of the storefront where the first bomb went off.It s all thanks to pure happenstance for the first time in years I am no longer a remote worker the company that acquired my startup last fall has offices in the suburbs and I am not yet past the 6 month moratorium on taking vacation days.The unlikely series of events that led to me not being present until about 30 minutes after the blasts is something I am still coming to terms with. I almost don t have time to...my building is still under armed lockdown because I live a mere block from the scene. I dread having to walk that route someday soon.Still, I hate the company that acquired my startup, even if the acquisition potentially saved me grave injury. I think it s past time I quit, instead of just complaining about it and hoping for dividends.
Same tactics
This sounds specific. Has this happened with you?
To this day, the Configure script for Perl still outputs Congratulations. You aren t running Eunice.
He did not even say america was an authoritarian regime, you made that argument up yourself
I can write a script and never use a function. I can write SQL and never use a function.I don t think you can, UNLESS we get into semantic arguments of what a function is. SQL is implemented with functions in a different language.Are you thinking that function is anything that literally has the function keyword? Categories specifically contain morphisms . Then FP completely gets category theory wrong by trying to claim that functions are immutable.CT is an abstract mathematical concept. In order to use it, you have to FIND the categories in the real world using the definition. CT isn t something usable on its own unless you are doing high level abstract math and doing proofs etc.In other words, CT is APPLIED to Computer Science and then we can talk about functions as morphisms. They don t compete with each other, but rather CT is a way to understand the structure of computation. FP is building on top of that pure FP, Haksell, Idris, etc . If you want to disprove how FP is doing CT incorrectly, that is not going to be easy.
I firmly believe that there are different kinds of depression. The kind of depression Christina Ricci has in Prozac Nation , or the author of Noonday Demon has, is not the same thing, which a lot of people face on episodic level.The kind of depression you re talking about which you incorrectly term as clinical depression is exactly how you describe it. There is no cause X, in the world which would fix it.However, a lot of people feel depressed and their cause is different, than the cause for the first kind of depression.The article GP linked, is talking about a theory that it s caused by body shutting down to prevent you from overinvesting in failed strategy is quite true for people feeling second kind of depression, and this may be the evolutionary reason for depression.For the first kind of depression, I believe it s a disease caused by the depression which has evolutionary reasons working erratically.
I love Kitty because it does the things I think are important really well..It s well-maintained, extremely fast, always responsive, easy to configure, supports ligatures and IBus.
Kinda. I think what Ruby is missing is how minimalist Smalltalk is and how many of the primitives in Smalltalk are implemented in itself. To give you an example of what I m talking about, in Smalltalk an if statement is implemented by sending a message to a boolean, like someBool ifTrue some block to execute . In that context, either the True object receives the message and executes the block, or the False object receives the message and doesn t execute it. Or even some user defined object that just happens to have an ifTrue message handler . Sorry I might be a little off on the syntax and exact details, my Smalltalk is rusty Loops and such are also similar. Granted most of these things probably end up being implemented in native code on a practical level for performance, but conceptually it s a very small language. Most of the standard library and IDE is written in itself. Ruby definitely has a lot of flexibility, but it also has way more built-ins and much more separation between interpreter code and user code I think this is what people are missing when they bring up the point that messages and method calls seem very similar. In a practical sense yes, but the smalltalk style message system is more about messages being a fundamental building block of the entire system.
And if you get more than 10 in interest from your bank in a year, your bank will tell the government the amount of interest earned through the 1099-INT form. This can be used to infer what your average balance was for the year.
A good example for lulz is a FUSE binding for bash.Aside I ve wondered aloud if we could figure out how to systemically compile coreutils into true bash builtins for performance benefits in nix builds, but someone did rightly point out that builtins can t be completely fungible with a separate process in all cases, especially where stuff like pipelines are involved. I don t recall the exact details and couldn t readily find the conversation but IIRC it had to do with signal handling.Edit Found the conversation
That s an amazing idea. What would it take?
Why can t you use Gmail on your iPhone?Because that s the company s Gmail Calendar. the short of it is you are in a very small class of users and people don t build tools for small marketsLots of small markets are dominated by indies and small dev shops.
Had something similar happen at a telecom I worked at for years. We had a diesel generator and a couple of bathroom sized rooms full of what looked like car batteries. My understanding is that the two rooms were for redundancy. The batteries could power the DC for hours but were used only until the generator was ready.The area our DC was located in was impressively reliable power-wise and -- in fact -- the backup systems had managed through the multi-state power outage in the early 2000s without a hitch short of nearly running out of fuel due to our fuel supplier being ... just a little overwhelmed .A few years later a two minute power outage caused the DC to go dark for a full day. Upon the power failing, the batteries kicked in and a few minutes after that the generator fired up and the DC went into holy terror.About a minute after the generator kicked in, power to the DC blinked and ended. The emergency lights kicked in, the evacuate alarm sounded 0 and panic ensued.My very pedestrian understanding of the problem was that a few things failed -- when the generator kicked in, something didn t switch power correctly, then something else didn t trip in response to that, a set of 4 batteries caught fire and destroyed several nearby . They were extinguished by our facilities manager with a nearby fire extinguisher. He, incidentally, was the one who pulled the alarm which wouldn t, on its own, trigger the Halon system, I think . The remainder of the day was spent dealing with the aftermath.We were a global multi-national telecom with a mess of procedures in place for this sort of thing. Everything was installed by electricians, to very exacting standards 1 but -- as with most things backup -- the way it was tested and the frequency of those tests was inadequate.From that point forward going on over a decade they thoroughly tested the battery generator backup once a quarter. 0 We were warned to GTFO if that alarm goes off due to the flooding of chemicals that would follow a few minutes later. That didn t happen. 1 I remember the DC manager taking over in Cleveland making his staff work weeks of overtime replacing zip ties with wax lace and it was done NASA style . We re talking thousands and thousands of runs stretching two complete floors of a skyscraper.
I also hate it when he starts making jokes about people s appearance. It drags everything he s saying into the gutter
Prokofiev, nice! I recently realised that his music was still under copyright, same for Shostakovich... Death 70 years is a really long time
This reminds me of how the scientific community has attempted to handle the public image of climate change or Covid-19.
Seems to me like an incentive issue. I can t see why it d be impossible to recreate a good incentive structure for employees in the public sector so that they d perform similarly.
True, it s inefficient, but it s good for profiling Python interpreters, since it does a lot of work.It s also fast enough for low n up to 8 . Why write more code when you can get your result with less? Maybe the time he s saved with this approach can now be used writing a deduplicator to cull out mirrored and rotated solutions .Maybe the point of the article was not only to show how fast PyPy is, but how convenient itertools.permutation is. You can t show the convenience of itertools by not using it.However... You know what? When I was asked to write a n-queens solver recently, I also wrote a backtracker. It just doesn t mean I did it better than this guy.
This. As a recovering ? car nut, the GTI was about the best compromise I could make for a Bay Area constraints b more kids than adults c huge bags of sports gear bulky items trips to lumber yard etc.Once the last kid is out of house, I ll return to living the dream of a track car multiple sets of tires as my daily driver.
Yes, this is pretty common.For the most part my friends and work pals who are all software engineers or work closely with tech DBAs, SREs, Sec . Their children aren t allowed to use the internet unsupervised or in some cases not at all. Pretty much all of us don t let our kids use social media.For my friends who don t work in tech, their kids all have social media and use the internet unsupervised.
For my in mind-blowing that people still code with plain strings.Why in the world would you ever write text over proper JavaScript language.You lose so many features.For example you lose type check, which it s core to any project.For me it s a no brainer to use an existing language to render stuff. Tsx I know it s not just js, but I can consider as just plan js ts code.Edit seems like they do type checking, but I m pretty sure can t do type checking at the whole file level.
This is the Internet. Knowledge abounds. Your ignorance is not pardoned.
Wikipedia Null Island is the location at zero degrees latitude and zero degrees longitude 0 N 0 E , i.e., where the prime meridian and the equator intersect. The name is often used in mapping software as a placeholder to help find and correct database entries that have erroneously been assigned the coordinates 0,0.
Here is a description of a patent troll. In this case, we have a DMCA troll. one or more
Many people do this habitually, though not so explicitly.
It is not only k8s tool unfortunately. Helm and argocd also exposes YAML api. I am not against YAML in general btw, it s just a variety of tools specific yaml formats one mixes and have to learn every time that makes one s life difficult
Ubiquiti. The founder wrote a retrospective on it
a kid made a reasonable kid movementWhat do you mean? There s no reasonable time where you and your opponent are touching the pieces at the same time. Nor is there a reasonable time where you reach for the same piece.
My solution to this is or dataclasses. They make a huge difference in readability and type safety.
The Latinum Institute provides a lot of audio material for their Patreon subscribers.
Could have killed you with the flick of a switch - but you took three years and a team of 5 people to perform the rewrite?
He doesn t defend police that hurt innocent people. His video on the George Floyd death doesn t make any excuses for the officers. Plenty of other examples where he says the cops are in the wrong.
Customers want two things related to these reported defects to have them fixed as soon as possible and not to face the same or a similar problem in the future.How organizations route an issue case ticket to the team that will fix it impacts the time it takes to resolve the issue. Routing is trivial when the company is small, but figuring out who has to fix something can be challenging when your organization has more than a dozen development teams.
I doubt most terrorists even care about sharia law. A crew of terrorists is basically a crew of thugs and gangsters who want money and power. The so-called sharia ideology is just propaganda to get new recruits. Good example was Abu Zarqawi the Jordanian gangster who went to Iraq to fight for AQIM. He lived like Tony Montana and certainly didn t give a shit about sharia law. He was only interested in making cash G money and running the streets with his coke and guns in Baghdad.Another example is Boko Haram in Nigeria, who s leader dressed up like Tupac in some photos and cruised around in a Mercedes while denouncing the west. He recruited through prison breaks releasing drug dealers and other gangsters in exchange for membership.
Beats rsc s commit message 0 by 158 words 0
I use Spotify as my primary music listening service and their music discovery is terrible. I ll gladly listen to Spotify through Twitter if it means better charts of new music, popular music, etc.
That is not the nature of quick and dirty articles .That is precisely the nature of identity politics, which treats everyone not as an individual with a personal identity and personal believes and responsibilities, but as a generic instanced clone of some immutable class assigned by birth, all members of which need to prostrate to a perpetual divisive ideological war.
There is something they could do. Google doesn t have to quietly sit on its hands. It could lobby against the PATRIOT Act.Of course, you could argue that Google has no financial incentive to lobby against it, and therefore it can t justify doing so as its primary responsibility is to make its shareholders richer.This is a problem with all corporations that try to act in their financial best interests without consideration for what is best for society at large, and also without being accountable to society at large.Does that make them evil? Not necessarily, except maybe in a banality of evil sort of way see IBM s willing participation in the Holocaust for an example . More usually, it makes them amoral.Amorality and great power could be a dangerous combination.
That s not really true. There are quite a few working visa categories for professionals in engineering, medicine, journalism, higher education, etc. in addition to the lower-skill categories for basic English teaching and entertainment. The government has also introduced a points-based system that prioritizes visas for people with more skills experience income, and has been making it a lot easier to get longer-term visas and permanent residency.
Given at most 3 can share a Nobel Prize,Proposed title of your spy thriller novel The Four Body Problem.
EU overregulationMost of that tends to be misinformation.For example it will be illegal to have voluntary firefightersNope. Not even close. A firefighter in Belgium sued because he said that on-call time is work, and the court decided in his favour. This caused concern that generalising this could cause problems. However, the EU was aware of these concerns and apparently this case cannot be generalised in this way don t know how it works in Belgium, but in Germany, the voluntary firefighters which is almost all of them , simply continue to be paid by their main employers when active. The employer can then recover this from the responsible government organisation.For this, the application of the working time directive changes...nothing. Also for standby times during working hours, for which the employee is working for his main employer, so again no change. I am guessing but not sure that the issue is on-call time when the employee is not working for his main employer.People have raised concerns that this might have the potential to negatively affect volunteer firefighting. But as far as I know, nothing has actually happened, and apparently nothing will.So as so often, almost complete misinformation 1. The EU will not make it illegal to have volunteer firefighters.2. It was actually a lawsuit, not a regulation.3. It was about working time, not about making volunteer firefighters illegal.4. So at most it would have been an unintended consequence of a good and necessary regulation.5. However, these unintended consequences were only imaginary, they never happened.6. The EU bodies were fully aware of the importance of volunteer firefighters.7. Had there been unintended consequences, they would have mostly been of the formal variety that affect local authorities. every single chicken .. registered, even for hobbyists having a few chickensAlso nope, only if you have 50 chickens or more.
The Catch-22 enabling corporate responsibility shirking .
I don t remember where I read it, but my understanding is that the MAX simulator does NOT simulate MCAS behavior.EDIT Found it
TODO replace password and username with user input password johnsmithAdminpass1234 username johnsmith01 login username, password If your test-DB is the same as your live one and username and password are real admin passwords, then you are in trouble. It s horrible and you shouldn t do this, but it happens.Edit formatting
Most of what is creeping these days is way too debatable...
Nice. I used this a dozen times over the outage period. Thank you for your work!
The only thing worse than overbearing nanny leadership that insists on controlling how and where people work is thin skinned leadership who can t take insubordination. I don t think they re intending to change their leaderships mind. But maybe the mind of other leaders less feckless.
Latest iOS update added unlock with a mask.
Do we know where how Apple uses FoundationDB in production ?
Invert all edge weights.
I totally disagree but I just want to compliment you on a delightfully written comment. I laughed out loud multiple times.
I d like to give him the benefit of the doubt since he s so young and seems to generally have a good head on his shoulders, but a MP Air is definitely not pie in the sky, especially for those in the tech industry. Had he said a Porsche, that may have been entering the joking territory, but even then, it s hard to say for sure. From his posts and tweets, he seems like a smart, savvy, mature-beyond-his-years reporter and should ve known better than to insinuate, even jokingly, that his coverage could be bought.
Indeed.At the very least Tesla and any similar electricity co already benefits from policies geared toward limiting greenhouse gases and various pollutants emissions, and as those will probably ramp up, will benefit more and more from them.But there may be more, maybe even much more.The gorilla in the room is the fact that solar nor wind energy cannot deliver 100 of the time.Any intermittent energy source has to be compensated. On a grid in order to provide the necessary baseload . On most autonomous locations because people don t want or cannot wait for power, they want to switch it ON and immediately enjoy the ride.At any moment delivering power to a non-producing geographical zone may be done thanks to power produced in other areas, or this not a XOR! by storing energy.From a practical viewpoint a mix of sources windfarms, geothermal... and interconnecting grids forming a continental-scale supergrid are mandatory, and in many nations there are massive investments towards all this, boosting distributed generation mainly wind energy, various other forms of renewables, long-distance transmission see high-voltage, direct current HVDC ...Tesla ability to deploy supercharger networks in many countries ties them with local folks in charge of the gridpower. They know about local energy storage batteries, which will not be only useful for the car . They also explore distributed generation Solarglass roof . The necessary smartgrid is mainly tied to operational research and IT Tesla knows about those ...In summary Tesla knows about a fair part of many pertinent domains, at worse as an integrator.Moreover Tesla stands nearby the consumer mindshare .Therefore Tesla may become the most prominent ultimate link to the customer when it comes to electric power which will become more and more pervasive as policies geared toward limiting effects of climate change will phase out fossil fuel , enabling them to rack-up a fair part of the benefits from more and more massive infrastructure-oriented investments.
As for Joel s consistent dismissal of unit testing, he s just wrong about that. Unit testing done TDD style does not slow you down, it speeds you up. One assertion counters another. Joel is wrong because Uncle Bob says so. Why do TDD zealots sound like religious preachers?No harm writing unit tests. They serve well for a certain amount of regression testing. The whole Test Driven approach to designing software is more dubious but wildly endorsed by the Agile consultant crowd .More sober developers seem to disagree.From Coders at Work Seibel What about the idea of using tests to drive design?Norvig I see tests more as a way of correcting errors rather than as a way of design. This extreme approach of saying, Well, the first thing you do is write a test that says I get the right answer at the end, and then you run it and see that it fails, and then you say, What do I need next? that doesn t seem like the right way to design something to me.
Chemical processes in rock can store or release gases. Erosion can expose rocks leading to this occurring.
Yep, not hiding that fact I could have easily used a trace with minified code, but I didn t to point this out .Kudos to you for your honesty here! I was a bit confused by your question So what s taking so long to run? when it seemed pretty clear what was taking so long to run. If the goal were simply speed up the pageload FID , removing browser analytics in favor of server e.g. would seem to be at least an _option_ to immediately achieve that end.Thanks for the article.
What kills me, at least in Canada, is the price of shipping from China is lower than across town, even if willing to accept comparable delays. It completely destroys the potential for any local setup to develop.
What about a random app crash reboot - how will that affect your visibility while drivingIf Google Glass crashes you just see whatever you would normally be looking at, the display is transparent.
There was this one for Helsinki buses for a while
I ve been working 4 day workweeks for well over a decade now, took the pay cut myself.As for the goal to maintain 100 productivity whilst cutting back on hours, I m confident that they will succeed. In fact, they ll succeed in this without requiring some kind of brilliant plan, as this recalibration happens automatically.When you start working one day less, nobody will reduce your workload by 20 . You ll have the exact same workload as before and now need to achieve it in less time.There s many ways to cross this gap. An obvious one is that a typical 5 day work week has moments of slack, depending on the culture. Friday after lunch is where productivity sinks in many offices. Wednesdays are also slower as it s typically the first moment in the week where things are running planned, prepared, on track . In a 4 day work week you sacrifice this breathing room, the 4 days become more compressed.Another natural change is to take a more aggressive stand in rejecting non-sense. Excess meetings, unimportant emails, etc. This works very well and is extremely effective for the simple reason that you MUST. As such this time compression is a blessing, a cleansing mechanism for yourself and the organization.You ll be amazed at how much time you can win back. Let s say you do need to attend a meeting. It s a 1 hour meeting. You re needed in the meeting. Go in and say you only have 20 mins. As if by sheer magic, what needed to be discussed gets done in 20 mins. Without this forced budgeting , people would just fill the hour with bullshit.Counter intuitive, but by being rigid instead of elastic, you maximize value.
controlled heating for my flat with open source and Zigbee compatible devices would cost me 1k. I did not calculate the ROI but break even looks like it d take many years.
Its not just part of Slack or Discord s emoji set its a standard Unicode emoji
The classic Emacs architecture paper
The difference here is that an ISP is common carrier or whatever the equivalent term is in telecoms and Facebook Twitter are publication platforms.
Given that we have absolutely no idea what other biological systems could look like, what you re saying seems extremely likely, but not an absolute certainty.
The situation seems a bit more complicated now given that only wired headphones can support the best lossless codecs, as I understand it. I wouldn t currently by anything that couldn t plug in with a wire, at least optionally.
Classical and operant conditioning are psychological concepts that aren t applicable to non-humans. You re kidding?
Thanks! Adding and will be live shortly.
Doctors are what I had in mind.
This looks like the first VR AR I ll consider buying. It looks like an actual pair of glasses, has see thru capability, the showcased functionality looks useful already. This will be a breakthrough if the promises are true.
Apple does not have a desktop lineup.The only desktop machine they have is the Mac Pro, and that is rarely updated.Mac Mini? It s a laptop device in a different form factor. iMac? Same thing.EDIT Forgot about the iMac Pro.
C99 6.3.1.2 requires that converting nonzero to _Bool yields a 1. An int doesn t work that way.
My car insurance doesn t pay for car maintenance until I ve had a collision.You can buy prepaid maintenance plans for cars, they are just usually bundled with auto purchase rather than bundled with liability insurance the way some other coverage is that s just a packaging detail, and there isn t a purchase-of-your-body to bundle maintenance plans s with.
I m the same way- my MacBook trackpad is closer to my fingers than the escape key! Not to mention, in VSCode I can do anything with the command palette with cmd P without the need for separate modes and without the need to memorize a million shortcuts.If I know the first letter or two of the command, then it s only 3 keystrokes away. For example, Evaluate Math Expression is cmd shift p ev enter . The command palette also provides great additional explorability with the fuzzy searchable menu descriptions.This is a far superior workflow because I have access to every possible command in the editor installed extensions very easily mapped to my own shortcuts of I want without the need to memorize anything. I can even reverse-search commands by typing the shortcut and it will tell me the commands bound to that shortcut.I could be missing something, but Vim and family feels like a huge step backwards in workflow for me.
It s interesting to think about how AirTags generally go against the wishes of the owner of the device.The AirTag has anti-stalking protection. An important feature, but not something the owner of the AirTag may want.iPhones share the location of nearby AirTags with apple. Good for the owner of those AirTags, but the owner of the iPhone may not want this.
Twatting?
I ve been re-reading Tim Flannery s The Weather Makers again so perhaps I m in a more pessimistic mood than usual. And yes, some places will become more habitable, but it seems fairly clear that these will be fewer in number than the areas that become less habitable. Not only this, but if for example all the areas that can currently grow wheat later cannot, but an equally large area subsequently can - we still won t be as well off as we are now due to the switching costs.
Hilarious and excellent references. I couldn t agree more. I kind of read it with the left eye shut.
I still have improvements to make, but what I have works well so far. Please let me know what you think, and suggest ways to make this setup even better.A crunchbanger for 2 years, recent convert to elementary , especially if you are looking for polish . Do check it out once its out.
I wonder why?
How many would we need to be more effective? Perhaps a small swarm could be used?The yearly forest fires in California seem to be difficult to control. A robotic army of firefighters might help?
The early years of computer programming were dominated by women, yet nowadays, women are proportionally uninterested.We eliminated the job women were dominating programmer by combining it with the one men were dominating analyst .At the same time law and medicine were seeing huge increases in the proportion of women practitioners, so the status thing doesn t make a ton of sense as an explanation. Besides, it was not high status in the 80s when this was going on or the 90s arguably it s still not, just high pay
That s the 1 min bars I was talking about. quotes and minute bars are supported.
I read it correctly. Cis women who can get pregnant and those who cannot both exist in substantial numbers.
Women are just as good at math as men is not the same proposition as mathematical ability is innate . The latter is not incompatible with the former.Further, the evidence cited here does not show that women are just as good at math as men, since the samples used were not randomly chosen. The samples chosen consisted of men and women who had already taken calculus and some other criteria . articles do a good job of showing women are sensitive to stereotype threat. But that s all they show.
including vinyls that are too cumbersome to actually listen to That s why you record them and cut the recorded master track into sides or individual songs but I find it s more fun to preserve the sides-experience for listening on the go! I know it sounds ridiculous but it s almost like this weird form of archiving meditation for me.
I m not convinced that these are particularly useful tests of very large language models like GPT-4. These models have been trained on enormous amounts of text, including theory of mind tests. And the example scenario in the paper is very simple and likely related to things that the models in question have seen before by a simple substitution.So I would actually be a bit surprised if the models failed this type of test regardless of whether they have any understanding of theory of mind.Note that I m making no claim about how intelligent or understanding of humans or neurotypical these models are. My claim is that it s very hard to tell given how incredibly knowledgeable the models are.
Hi! I love sublime and I d love to use this too, but.. it crashes 100 of the time for me, whether I open an existing repo or create a new one. Is there a crash log or something I can send to you guys?
I disagree, technological progress and productivity do not seem to be so tightly linked.If we woke tomorrow and started making all goods to be long-lived, nothing single-use, fixed up the designed-in obsolescence, open-sourced everything, then we d release people and resources for a great focus on innovation whilst simultaneously cutting production levels.
Can someone explain to me what potential applications are unlocked by the addition of on-chain execution the FileCoin VM to a proof-of-storage backed blockchain ie, FileCoin ?Also, is the wasm-based and therefore polygot execution environment a novelty in the space of on-chain execution? That in itself should be a big deal right?
I m sad that this one didn t get quite the same attention. Disclosure, I made it.
It s not that absurd. A lot of the VR demos used Zenimax games, and many of the videos and interviews were filmed right inside Zenimax offices. Code was written on Zenimax time and file transfers, emails for advice, and more were made over Zenimax email addresses.Carmack obviously re-wrote all code once leaving Zenimax, but there s a case to be made that Zenimax giving Carmack free reign to work on Oculus while at Zenimax significantly benefited Oculus.Oculus agreed at some point offering Zenimax a 2 stake. Zenimax asked for more amount not specified in the complaint . Oculus response was that the figure was so far out of the ballpark, we believe there is little hope negotiations broke down there.
What I assume is your user bio is in the wrong place. Because it s placed under the logo, I assumed it was the general description of the site and led to me asking who are you? . It should be placed under your username.Also, why do you hate religion?
Outstanding work here Colin. This rocks, I hope we ll be able to do more together soon!
How much energy does it take to defend the US dollar currently?
Yes - I didn t want to auto-Godwin by mentioning who said it when it s a fairly easy Google away.
The friends of my friends are not my friends. If they were my friends, they would already be my friends...
You pull an excerpt from a quote that I included from the parent comment to my post. I m not sure if the you is generic or directed at me, but I didn t say don t do it unless you re sure you dislike yourself.
Location Seattle, WA, USA Remote No Willing to relocate Yes Technologies Python, C .NET, Java, SQL, Assembly, C, JavaScript, Angular, XML, HTML, Selenium, Git and Linux Résumé CV Email can be found in the resume above.
How about don t give parenting advice before you have raised a kid?
Our local amateur radio club has a couple AIS receivers in view of the channel 1 and a PTZ webcam on Santa Cruz island that sometimes shows views of the channel 2 . 1
talking about vscode without its plugins or langue servers does not make sense. They provide 99 of the functionality. The plugins can create new views, from pdf-viewers to interactive coding environments with 3d plots ala plotly. Done in electron. The python language server provides all you can think of with python.Emulators are not native to IDEs, there s always glue code, you can write a plugin for it. I don t know about GUI-Builders, but in principle you can do anything. It s just a web view after all. Vscode is incredibly flexible. I have written a paper with it including live preview of the pdf. But I don t care about GUI-Builders. You only need them for apps and then you are stuck with each walled garden anyway and forced to use e.g. Xcode. Except ios android apps, who s native anyway in the 21st century?
If you print technical documents often, I highly recommend a wire-binding machine like this one got a lower-end model, second-hand, still not cheap, but it s so cool.You get real wire-o binding not spiral binding! , so your book lays open flat on the table and the pages are right next to each other, not slightly displaced vertically like with spiral binding.
In India people sell thier children into slavery because they are so destitute. Sweat shops are an alternative that allow them to not have to do so.In several generations, they may industrialize to the point where they achieve a western standard of living.Is it ethical to deny them this chance because it makes you feel bad about thier current condition compared to your own?
Yet another example of how macOS is slowly being dumbed down to be more ios like by restricting kernel extensions and forcing developers to use their limited OS APIs.
You cannot be serious. I have no sympathy and absolutely pure hatred for white nationalist nazi types on Breitbart. That is justified. I can t wait for all the racist old whites to die out in 3 to 4 decades resulting in world peace.
Long time CR subscriber. Love them. They re a UL for consumer goods and services.Sadly, CR has struggled to make the transition to digital online. thewirecutter.com is now my go to review site for most small ticket items.I continue to hope that CR adapts. Independent labs remain worthwhile, needed.
I hope the screen is bright. I wanted to buy the Pixel 3a but the screen brightness is just 400cd m3, the iPhone SE 2 has 650cd m3.
It s the method of silencing that often becomes problematic. Shushing someone is legal. Harassing, intimidating, destroying property, etc are usually not.It looks like the charges were Conspiracy To Act as Agents of a Foreign Government Conspiracy To Engage in Interstate Harassment Misuse of Means of Identification Conspiracy to Bribe a Public Official Attempt To Obstruct Justice Obstruction of Justice False Statement
I think the social friction from getting all of this right wrong really damages inquisitive minds.The visceral negative response you get from, Wait, I don t think that s right, it s more complicated than that , helps prevent speaking up the next time, unless you have an inherently disagreeable personality which I cherish working with . I see it all the time with kids. They ll see some fundamental truth that takes a sideways perspective to see, and be told they re wrong, hacking off an interesting way of perceiving the world. It s unfortunate, but it s also something most adults are bad at, including myself.And, I very often microwave my spoons, forks, even metal bowls, without them heating up at all. But I also have a basic understanding of resonance, absorption, insulation, apertures, and the wavelengths involved. I don t do it at work, because it s not worth the effort responding to you re going to break the microwave , even if you show them that the food is hot and the fork is cool.That said, I wouldn t melt metal in an expensive microwave. The metal has poor absorption relative to the magnetron antenna itself, so both will heat. I wouldn t be surprised if the antenna is also glowing a bit at least early on !
Discussion from 2022
This. I use a bag free manual vacuum and I even though I can manage it without water and not create too much airborne dust, if you just spray water it slightly it will stick to eachother and become big balls.
Sounds about as reliable a news as the WMDs of yore...
I see it as similar to the hand made vs factory made debate. There s room for both, and the vast majority are happy with the factory product.Generative AI will make it easier to get new ideas to the masses affordably. That could yield some really interesting results. There will still be a demand for art like Miyazaki animations or similarly painstakingly human generated works of art, and I expect it ll live on as well.Thanks to machines, I can afford to own some crazy technology relatively affordably. It s okay that it s not made by a human, because it allows this human to engage life in more ways. I can build things with wood that would be virtually impossible for me 200 years ago, but I can do it in my spare time over weekends. I can own an aquarium with plants and animals from South America, which is an immensely gratifying hobby for me, providing endless appreciation for life and nature when I m away from it.I think generative AI will eventually accomplish something similar for people. They will be abstracted from the experience of life in some sense, but ultimately may allow them to experience it more in other ways. It could awaken in many people the idea that they can imagine and bring things to life. Letting their ideas out and into the light could be a massively liberating experience! How many people would probably love drawing if only they could realize that they truly do have ideas and visions worth bringing to life? That it really can bring them joy?There s plenty of room for doom and terror, but that s too obvious. Other forms of automation in the past were no different. What I find more interesting is how to find the good in it, because like it or not, it s here.
Taking a step back The Page paradigm is still very much alive, despite these recent javascript parsing advances.1. Google still needs a URL-addressable PAGE to which it can send Users.2. This PAGE needs to be find-able via LINKS javascript or HTML and it needs to exist within a sensible hierarchy of a SITE.3. This PAGE needs to have unique and significant content visible immediately to the user, and on a single topic, and it needs to be sufficiently different from other pages on the site so as not to be discarded as duplicate content.
I m sitting on a wooden dining chair as I type, and boy does it show! It does not do wonders for your attention span either.
NK can be considered a natural disaster or something else that you cannot bargain with unless you re with the Chinese government . Holding NK at fault here is about as practical as holding at fault gravity if the guy tried to vandalize an ad billboard, fell down, broke his spine and spent the next 15 years paralyzed. So if this guy really did what the news claims he did, he has a rather big problem with his mental abilities. Saying he doesn t actually deserve 15 years in prison is akin to saying he doesn t actually deserve 15 years in a hospital ward . Perhaps he doesn t, but the world works on causal chains rather than fairness.
I can t understand some of the comments here saying this is too expensive. Seriously folks, William has put together a great into to Bootstrap for a less than the price of a billable hour and it s too expensive? Sure all the information is out there - if you want to spend a few more billable hours finding it - plus a someone who is just now getting up to speed on Bootstrap - most of the tuts out there are for Bootstrap 2. I think the timing is right. The sample chapter is great. Williams product will hopefully save me many multiples of the purchase price by not wasting time seeking the right information and that is a point lots of people seem to be missing.
Facebook is strange. People on that site don t understand satire.
The full context for this decision includes Brexit.
CloudFlare Employee Brittany Pietsch Recorded Herself While Being Laid Off In Front of HR 0 0
Why two sentences? Maybe you should ask ChatGPT if you want explanations with specific length requirements.Anyway it s pretty simple really. A generic thread is bunch of stack frames with their associated local variables . A standard OS thread is under the control of the kernel scheduler which decides whether the thread runs and makes progress or not. The VirtualThread in Java is just a thread which is not directly mapped to the OS thread scheduler but exists as a user space object that can be scheduled by a Java implemented scheduler. It s basically just a call stack with its local variables, but one that only steps forward when an OS thread of the scheduler decides to step it.
They also want Google to terminate any business contracts which support Israeli violations of Palestinian human rights, such as the Israeli Defense Forces. Hey let s write a letter and try to use virtue signaling to dictate management decisions about B2B dealings because we have a political point of view about complex things we don t specialize in, but we want our company to operate with the same point of view, so let s try to publicly shame them into conforming.
From the Wiki page, if people are wondering why it never took off The published specifications are very incomplete, being only sufficient for writing operating system code that can support a JVM that uses Jazelle. The declared intent is that only the JVM software needs to or is allowed to depend on the hardware interface details. This tight binding facilitates that the hardware and JVM can evolve together without affecting other software. In effect, this gives ARM Holdings considerable control over which JVMs are able to exploit Jazelle. It also prevents open source JVMs from using Jazelle.So it sounds like ARM tried presumably to leverage it to make some profit off of support agreements, but ended up falling on their own sword.
iOS was never conceived of as something which would run arbitrary code that could access system-level data the siloed data . So basically the situation exists by design, and in order to achieve security when enabling PWAs from other browser engines, they d have to add another layer of security that currently doesn t exist since they never had to trust anyone s code but their own .So... yes, there is apparently a lack of security there, but that s because the layer in question was never intended to be anything but proprietary until this ruling.
macOS Big Sur deliberately cripples VPN and firewall on it so that select Apple softwares can bypass themThat was debunked
I agree that we need better enforcement mechanisms, but I m not sold on a time out .What would that even mean? If you aren t allowed to participate in the Maps business for, let s say, 2 years, does that mean you cannot offer the app for download? Then everybody stays on the old version, and cannot install security updates.Or that you cannot offer it as a new install? Then people changing their phones are screwed.Or that you cannot offer new maps? Then people rely on the old ones, running into permanently closed roads.Or that your servers must immediately stop serving map tiles? Customer s won t be very happy about that either.That you cannot make any revenue from the service? Kinda hard to do when your service is maps, but the revenue source is ads.And so on, ad infinitum.Consumers tend to switch apps pretty quickly, but what about b2b software? Switching over to a database from another vendor can easily be a 3 to 5 years project, so it s likely that many customers would simply sit out such a jail time.
1- easycal is for soloists. bookingbug is for soloists and large enterprises and anybody in between2- we ve consciously chosen to leave out lots features so that we can focus on making the core booking experience simple and easy. bookingbug looks powerful, but also confusing.
This runs the very real risk of thinking you can overload all tags onto something that you want.That is, embrace the restrictions that come from a taxonomy. It is a bit of a lie, but a lot of it is defined on contrasts and these contrasts help build things.What distinguishes a car from a truck? One is more faceted to holding people than to holding cargo. But if you don t know either a truck or a car, you are unlikely to know from just that description. Indeed, you could wind up with a cargo van. Which is different from a passenger van, in much the same way.To that end, we present the taxonomy as a heirarchy of descriptive properties. When, in many cases, it is a heirarchy of representative samples. In programming, we distinguish between class based and prototype based object oriented representation. In reality, most taxonomies are presenting class style based relationships, but using prototype based representation from a population.
If you want more privacy, you should use Android rather than Apple??? I think you misunderstand a lot.
Offtopic but MATE is also literally the only Linux desktop that gets multi-head right, especially when it comes to hot-adding and hot-removing displays. All others do weird things to the window layout or crash when you add or remove a monitor while the machine was asleep.
Here are some more pictures of the event on Flickr
This class of vulnerability specifically cannot be used independently for anything useful. You need either a low-level firmware vulnerability or a pre-lockscreen vulnerability that you can escalate to kernel, in order to actually utilize such a SEP vuln. You are not wrong, well-resources parties may be able to do this, but for much less work the SEP vuln can fetch 100,000 and immense branding value as a researcher.
When I hit a wall - shower or gym.
I can second Sourcehut. It looks clunky, but works fast, works well and is easy to interface with.I moved completely to Sourcehut, and I m not coming back.
Why did the government need to build any website? Why couldn t they just release data, and pass rules that health companies release data? Many websites would have offered to help bring the data to the users and the Government could have linked to some officially recognized ones.
If Nick is Satoshi then its brilliant idea. Because it removes any heat from him while having shit load of BitCoins _
Offtopic but, aren t you scared by GitHub improves its PR workflow and put your product out of business?
Archived
Implying the resurrection of Lamarck with that domain name, my spidey-sense tingles.
I reacted to this article reflexively in response to the abundance of pop self help content that s been with us forever, now in the form of non stop podcasts of people essentially giving the same advice. It s fine, but the self-help realm is just, blah, too much of it can really be counter-productive. In so many words, the author is just echoing there s a lot of bullshit out there .Your basic Philosophy 101 class teaches interesting mental models like Cartesian doubt. That really shaped the way I thought about things for years to come.With that said, it s important to identify models properly. If you listen to MMA fighters or other athletes, you can start to see their incremental approach to increasing training intensity to achieve measurable results. Not parsing that out will leave you with a shadow of a mental model that, in this case, would be mostly comprised of non-core strategies e.g Always stay positive, have no fear, never accept no for an answer, etc .
This is incredible. By watching the hyper lapse versions of the mountain climbing, you can clearly see which path is taken, are able to get glimpses of whatever paths are available. This would be a huge advantage for people learning how to rock climb. I can image that a similar situation would occur for many other activities. Great work!
Given that the vast, vast majority of doctors are strongly recommending it, do you believe that they are lying, or that they are simply mistaken and you know better?
This should not be news to anyone. Facebook scans all links posted in Messenger.
The UFCW sounds really weak in this article. When I worked for Pavilions twenty-five years ago, it was a closed shop and the union was protective of any attempt to change that. Allowing an entire segment of employees to be replaced with independent contractors seems to set the stage for other groups of employees, perhaps cashiers, to also be replaced with contractors. Grocery delivery isn t something new for Pavilions. They offered it at least as far back as the mid 1990s and maybe all the way back to their opening day as a premium-service grocery store.
Lately, instead of greeting people with Hello or Hey man, I usually start off all my conversations with this speech.I agree so much so I had to double check that I didn t actually write it.
The supreme court in fact ruled against Texas in dismissing the suit, by mkaing it clear that each state has sole discretion on how to run their own elections, as prescribed by the Constitution. Whether state elections laws were followed was for state courts to decide, not Texas and not the federal supreme court
I d also be happy to set you up with a free account on www.farmshots.com. It s a neat project for processing analyzing satellite imagery of farms.
They re restarting production of the civilian version of the C-130 Hercules next year, although that s a cargo aircraft and not intended to ferry passengers also have a new cargo airship that s shipping in 2018
You were not kicked off the platform. You could join any other thousands of rooms, boards, etc. And you were only booted if you truly were a real dipshit.
thank you, will give that a go!
Capacitors and inductors are memory but only one unit or word per component. You need more than one to make a stack to have recursion.Mercury delay lines, neon bulbs, magnetic drums or disks and lots of other components are also capable of storing a quantity for some time.Tail recursion is just a loop, and we certainly can do simple repetition in a circuit.I m not arguing that you can t build a digital or analog computer capable of recursion, you certainly can but it takes O n components where n is recursion depth.But I am arguing that a feedback loop in an opamp circuit is not a form of recursion. It is not capable of computing the Ackermann function or any other recursive function, which I consider the smoke test here.
flagged
What is the problem with GitHub actions?
InboxSDK is a JavaScript library for building apps inside of Gmail with browser extensions.
Urbit neoreaction via Diaspora in INTERCAL on the blockchain. Urbit is explicitly intended to instantiate Yarvin s political views, per the 2013 version of the security chapter
Date inputs are particularly terrible here once you try and do any constraints
i m betting the New York one is buried at the location where the tip of the Central Park Obelisk s shadow touches dirt on either the summer or winter solsticewas going to find where the shadow was this year but i had a meeting at noon
You can write code with pencil and paper
With all due respect that doesn t seem like goggles problem. It s their game. Seo hacking and optimization is a thing and Pinterest has failed so bad at it as to have turned entire classes of potential customers away from their site. Same as quora. If we re, the customers that d sooner leave a site than capitulate to unreasonable demands, known of and written off then so be it. However it is ignorant verging on dishonest to blame Google for Pinterests inability to optimize their site for Google and all of Pinterests customers.
Bored stay-at-home moms and I know you all read HN I m no longer a bored, stay-at-home mom and I really don t do Facebook, but I still have connections to the types of communities including some health lists with high-ish numbers of full time moms and I do read HN. So, in theory, I could start posting links like this around and get such people here... -
This article seems to ignore the added revenue from a driver having a car and driving people around for Uber. The better metric is probably the average profitability of a driver with a leased vehicle.
I don t know about German law, I was talking about Poland. In Poland, the employer cannot refuse to give you a day off even if your request it on the very day , four times a year.
The ClarisWorks communication module could act as a TTY, like HyperTerminal. You could just dump text into it and copy from the buffer to SimpleText if you really wanted.
For the perhaps less hardcore, and less Blub averse, F is a caml implementation extension? on .net. Less no need to write homegrown, production quality c c interfaces, since it integrates with the rest of .net. It will compile some most ocaml code without too much change. I can t help but think using it, or at least being aware of it, can benefit some software startups.
That is indeed ironic, although in my defense all of my flights are going to be on 737 A320 sized aircraft. I can t remember the last time I flew on a wide bodied aircraft, and I m not likely to do it again soon.My issue is mostly that everything that comes out of Boeing makes me feel like they re more worried about suing them than them hurting me or killing me. Maybe Airbus isn t much better, but it sure seems hard for Boeing to get much worse.
I built it.I need to market it.Can you help?I can offer equity.
I m sorry, what? Bitcoin mining has spawned an entire new industry focused solely on converting a scarce shared resource electrical energy into perceived personal profits. It is wasteful pollution on a global scale a single bitcoin transaction consumes as much power as an average U.S. household does in 77 days a perfect example of the tragedy of the commons. The energy already wasted on bitcoin mining will never be recuperated by the efficiency gains you so eagerly and without merit ascribe to bitcoin.
It suggests that there s been a concerted effort among liberals to reshape culture as a whole.It doesn t need to be concerted. An alternative explanation could be that liberals are more likely to pursue creative careers than conservatives, thus shaping the media e.g. TV shows and movies that contribute to the major consensus narrative.Why that is so is not part of my hypothesis. The point is that the behavior of a system is emergent more often than it is concerted which is also why most conspiracy theories are untrue .
Um, the part where the guy opens the door and sees a bar welded in front of it?! There are Chineese sources that show bars being put up against peoples doors are tons of these videos by the way they are difficult to confirm because China heavily restricts all coms in and out of the country, or are you going to try to deny the Great Firewall of China or extreme media censorship exists next?Here s an opinion piece from the WaPo by a Chinese citizen also stating people were welded into their homes here are a list of Chinese sources as well
The world is full of capital, and it s not going to the right people who can solve problems.Hmmmm, isn t being a VC kind of exacerbating this problem? The business model of being a VC is entirely based around moonshots, which means that you are pigeonholed into only making bets on certain types of founders that either a already have extremely high risk tolerance or b can be pushed by VCs to take risks beyond their personal risk tolerance.Which makes your right people statement come off slightly disingenuous, since the VC strategy seems to disproportionately attract more Mark Zuckerbergs than Matt Mullenwegs for category a and often exploits founder naivety for the benefit of the VC for category b . I d argue that many if not most of the right people who can solve problems are in general not a good fit for seeking VC investment.Do you have suggestions for other investments strategies that may be more compatible for potential founders that don t fall within these two categories? Have you thought about branching into those investment circles?
Neither Ukraine nor Israel have reached this hypothetical technological era in which a draft is not required,They have worse equipment and a much smaller professional army.
I d say that, in this day and age, preventing vendors from using Android forks counts as a form of locking customers out of competing operating systems. Even more so now that Android forks represent the only serious alternative available to any phone manufacturer who isn t based in Cupertino.Also, two wrongs don t make a right. Microsoft getting off way too easy does not mean that Google should get off easy, too.
I have experienced Cabin s bump cancelling technology on a prototype on 101. We drove 4 miles without it turned on, and then the same 4 mile stretch with it activated. Even having seen the data beforehand, I was impressed.
Never be as good as Oz, that show was amazing
Well this is still in beta and already poses threat to Skype.
I am quite concerned that network security is pushing very usable software and hardware to the junkyard. Is it possible that for a variety of reasons, it is better to have something reliable and stable, than to throw out working software because of intractable browser and network security problems ?
I mean, ALWAYS 9-5, in addition to whatever it takes to get the work done. One or the other can be totally fine but it leaves little room for wiggling with comp time.
Hosting, computing and bandwidth cost won t be a small thing
Not exactly what you requested, but a pertinent source also know that health crises for homeless people tend to hard to resolve and cost a lot more than for people who are housed. Medical advice like stay off your foot and soak it twice a day simply cannot be complied with if you are homeless. The health issues of the homeless tend to compound and get incredibly expensive, in most cases.Source I have had a class on homelessness and public policy, I am homeless, I run a few websites pertinent to this problem space. In essence, I am kind of a SME here.
I m not misinterpreting the intent. I know perfectly well the stated intent to help the helpless random immigrant founder. I m suggesting an alternative intent that needs to be discussed. And I m not the one reversing it. In this case Mr. Feld is showing a clear preference for H1B s before having any specific foreign entrepreneur in mind.
at some point, its a cost equation. top of salary, benefits, inconsistent working hours potentially unreliable delivery to clients not complex solutions. custom dev isn t that groundbreaking, its just a game of balancing levers at play. Something always slips, its a fact of the game. This just seems too good to be true though if it is, happy for them!
Adguard offers both a resolver and something aimed at home users for free and as open source on their github page.
What a load of rubbish by someone that apparently is not able to understand what encompasses an object is the real source for where blame is fitting.Reality can make one human suffer compared to another that doesn t suffer because of displacement rooted in nature and where the result was not equal experiences when it came to evolution. Nobody has any control in their life at the fundamental level and because we re all just input output by the forces exerted upon us.I ve been damaged by a reality that was shit for transgender kids when I was young and now reality has been changing for future kids that are lgbtq. You re labouring under delusions with the nonsense you wrote.
On our companies tiny MS email office account we never had issues getting support by a person.Being as google less as possible nowadays is just common sense.
I have a dream that one day I will leave Google, and that won t ever happen if every site that I use is connected to my Google account.I should really have a password manager set up properly as well, but that s just another job, and scary in some way. I have a password manager but it s all manual, no autogenerating accounts or fancy stuff.
This is a great idea even if not original . Every news agency should budget one of these as part of being in the business.
You can test this to see if you can adjust the settings to fix it by setting it up in a room at night and turning the lights on off. Might not be anything you can do about it, but, it might allow you to adjust a setting to make the video come out!
Steve Jobs I wanted to meet her mostly to see if she was OK and to thank her, because I m glad I didn t end up as an abortion
It wouldn t be C if it didn t make everything unnecessarily complicated.
Could it be possible to prerender the audio on the GPU when it s not being worked on say, a track not being edited ? Then just play that track if it s not edited before the user hits play?
SOAP is just a message format though, so does it matter? SAML works, so long as the implementation is good assumption, yes
Not everyone can learn via book. If they could there would be not need for a bootcamp in general
And OS X, for IQs 50 and below ?
It s not a fork. We ve done a lot of work on memcached to allow it to support multiple backends on the same network interface. Part of membase is a new memcached backend.
AFACT, the strongest argument in favour of the removal of RMS is by Thomas Bushnell 0 . The best counter-argument to that, which I could find, is by Thomas Lord 1 2 . I haven t found any replies to the latter. There s also the meta-issue that rule-by-lying-journalists-and-misinformed-mob is terrifying and despicable, but it doesn t affect the object-level question of whether RMS significantly contributed and or contributes towards making MIT and the free-software world unwelcoming to women. 0
The problem is people treat HTML, CSS, and JavaScript like they are separate languages. They should be treated collectively like bytecode binary and almost no one should need to know more than they exist, a compiler should be what s writing web output.
HIPAA compliance is a big need for us. The rest of our infra is on AWS. We were hoping to fine-tune llama and use in a clinical use case.
It gives you the chance to read the article while having the vision there too.That is not a thing that an actual human is capable of doing. A human has two eyes which must be fixed in the same general direction, and one brain. As convenient as it would be for some interface designers, humans are not octopuses. The cocktail party effect is a useful thing to keep in mind when considering the limits of peoples awareness. It happens for a reason.You may think you can read an article and watch a video at the same time, but the fact is, no, you cannot. One of the two things is making it very hard to focus on the other.
This is just another example of Go s fundamental attitude. Stuff is available for the language designers, but not for you generic functions e.g. append generic data types e.g. slices exceptions like illustrated above special case syntax Custom event loops precompiler macros very bad to use, horrible, blah blah ... except of course for the people imposing this restriction, and YES they re using it amongst other things to workaround the lack of generics in C ...This attitude was common in middle-90s generic programming languages like Ocaml, Modula-2 and others. You should simply look at Go as one of those languages and treat it as such.If this attitude bothers you, you should look at C 0x and D.
It seems to me there are two sides to engineer s performance the ability and the productivity. Ability measures how complex tasks can an engineer solve and how well can he she execute, and the productivity measures the actual amount of work done. Able programmer is not necessarily productive, and productive programmer might not be able to do tasks of high complexity.As a technical lead, I feel that I m able to judge the ability of individual team members, but I m having a hard time objectively judging productivity. Simple count of PRs doesn t really tell the whole story, and some tasks look simple in hindsight, when in reality it took a lot of effort to find a good solution. There are also a lot of other complications I m not going to dive into, but the end result is that it s hard to have an objective productivity evaluation based on the engineer s output only.I d be interested to know how other people evaluate individual productivity?
IMHO, both compile fast enough. Either gccgo or gc, it s acceptable, and is much faster than compiling a similar-size C program. What matters would be the code they produce. Compiler optimization is what makes the difference.
I ve noticed that knowing less is more.
Thank you for the clarification.
That is true for china, iran and saudi arabia as well...
- Fantastic concept, looks absolutely promising! - I never do monthly subscriptions! - I never do Mac-only! - SQLite missing for now and I wonder how it would be accessed by Outerbase?
I m not making any assumptions- that s the whole point. We don t know if it was random or not. The original headline suggested Toyota was the direct target. If that was so, it would be some evidence that it was retaliation. But, Toyota wasn t directly targeted, so the headline is misleading.
I believe that s pretty much what Apple Pay and the like do.
Hi, one of the authors of the post, we will update the post with numbers from 256 GPU run within the next few days. We estimated the 256 run to be the fastest 13 days , but also the most expensive at 160k. The measured 128 GPU run would take 21 days but for 125k if you are interested in lower costs.
Adversarial attacks on image generation with made-up words has some insane results. Bypassing content filters and creating racist images of police brutality.
Why are these service providers being punished for what their users do?There is a legal distinction here between what happens on your platform despite your best efforts what you might call incidental use vs what your platform is designed specifically to do or enable.Megaupload is a perfect example. It was used to pirate movies. Everyone knew it. The founders knew it. You can t really argue it s incidental or unintended or simply that small amount that gets past moderation.Telegram, the authorities will argue, fails to moderate CSAM and other illegal activity to the point that it enables it and profits from it, which is legally indistinguishable from specifically designing your platfrom for it.Many tech people fall into a binary mode of thinking because that s how tech usually works. Either your code works or it doesn t. You see it when arguments about people pirating IP being traced to a customer. Tech people will argue you can t prove it s me . While technically true, that s not the legal standard.Legal standards relay on tests. In the ISP case, authorities will look at what was pirated, was it found on your hard drive, was the activity done when you were home or not and so on to establish a balance of probabilities. Is it more likely that all this evidence adds up to your guilt or that an increasingly unlikely set of circumstances explains it where you re innocent?In the early days of Bitcoin I stayed away to my detriment because I coudl see the obvious use case of it being used for illegal stuff, whichh it is. The authorities don t currently care. Bitcoin however is the means that enables ransomware. When someone decides this is a national security issue, Bitcoin is in for a bad time.Telegram had for the French at least risen to the point where they considered it a serious enough issue to warrant their attention and the full force of the government may be brought to bear on it.
Before that, you d be voted down and hollered at because there would be little credibility for it among common idiots. This has been the case for years, because a lot of the information about the NSA published by journalists was built on anonymous sourcing. Now, there s more documentary evidence available to support it, so the US government no longer enjoys the benefit of ignorant doubt.Now, these stories can gain traction.
Count me in as a Makefile hater. I m even using it to manage a portable home directory and it s just making me hate it even more. Why did all the alternatives have to fail or be worse than Make?
Tim Ferriss, in his How to Triple Your Reading Speed in 20 Minutes , shows us a pretty neat trick to increase our reading speed. The only issue is, it only works for reading we do on paper. As you all know, most of our reading happens online nowadays. This chrome extension takes his method and allows you to apply it to any webpage online articles.
I added FartScroll.js from the Onion to my text records
Every rescue attempt is a practice run for something more important in the future. Whether it s a cat stuck in a tree or a Billionaire in the bottom of the ocean, first responders must attempt rescue for the benefit of humanity.Explorers always make plenty of rookie mistakes. I m sure there are plenty of lessons for future explorers, first respondents, regular people from these events.
I like this idea, but it d be nice to have it not based on karma says a person that doesn t comment very often and has low karma .
that argument wouldn t work with native tribes. These things are entirely cultural and specifically judeo-christian. From the the ancient Minoans who portray their women usually barebreasted, to the greeks and romans , to many non-western societies, it is the prominent puritanism of anglosaxon cultures that is sticking out as an exception, not the other way around.
Good observation I haven t lived in Paris since a while but it s often the same place that serve kebab doing tacos. And most of them put a accent on the meat rather than the fresh stuff around it unlike the far superior German kebab
full byte code execution engine was a big mistake An even better scheme would have been proof-carrying code a contract should have been a pair c, p where c is the program expressing the contract in a Turing complete language together with a proof p in a suitable program logic for total correctness that proves that c does not do a bad thing e.g. consume too many resources . It s easy to check that the proof p is valid for c.
Yes I should have pointed that out too. Thank you.
An alternative framing 1. Republican party threatens teach industry with heavy regulation if they censor to the degree that the tech industry wishes to.2. Republican party looses power.3. Major companies in the tech industry do what they wanted to do the whole time.At what point is 1 a first amendment issue? The government shouldn t pressure private companies to do things that violate those groups first amendment rights.
One game which for me is closest to Dwarf Fortress and which for me, tend to beat it in few areas graphics, while still being text only, structure of the world is Ultima Ratio Regum 0 .It is still in very deep beta state, but this doesn t stop richness and complexity of worlds generated in it. It is seriously underrated project, and whole blog if worth a read 0
That class of people is not as large as you might think it is.
Good job there is not such thing as false ID
Yep. Wage of postdoc U.K. real scenario 40K. Uni charges govt over 100K. 60K overheads .
Not typically, at least not in my experience as an IC. I have literally never signed anything that was a binding employment contract.
So what is the VC angle with these super high valuation scooter startups? It doesn t seem very defensible. The barrier to entry isn t very high. And it doesn t seem that customer loyalty would be much of a factor.The most obvious strategy I see is that the VCs think they can pump these companies then dump them on the open markets and cash out before thousands of global, regional, and local competitors flood in and make their non defensible positions obvious.
And what are called dialects in the Chinese context are just as much dialects as French, Italian, and Romanian are dialects of Romance.
Wouldn t it be better for it to store it in a Sqlite file so that it is easier for third party programs to query it?
The melting pot was just a hypothesis and we are living through the experiment.The theory might not be correct
Pretty cool, thanks for sharing.To be fair, it s not really a fair comparison. Raindrop is first and foremost a bookmark organizing app. The ability to archive pages integrates with the bookmark service in case the page is removed or changed. In other words, to prevent link rot.
Yeah. It is a trivial assumption. In my experience with Comcast Residential internet, one s IPv6 prefix remains the same for as long as one s IPv4 address, which is to say that they remain the same forever.Comcast hands out allocations as wide as 60, but even this doesn t help much with privacy if you re being unusually proactive with your network renumbering, that s only four bits of entropy that you re adding to your identifiers.
Thanks for the concrete feedback.1. This shouldn t happen. Can you please create an issue?2. What things would you like to see? We have an email on push that we can maybe extend.3. We just hired a UX researcher but we re open to suggestions.4. Should be solved with 1
I think you don t provide enough information for anybody to give you good advice.That being said Consider that sometimes there are problems where you yourself will be unable to judge the problem you re in, because you are in it. It can be a bit of a bootstrapping problem If you were the person who could see the solution, you might not have ended up in the situation in the first place. So the logical solution can be to get outside help so advice by a trusted person or actual therapy.Getting out of a hole can sometimes be done by clawing yourself out, but sometimes having someone throw you a rope is the smarter move.
The fee is high due to the value of 1 BTC is much higher than value of BCH. So in the future if the value of each BCH reaches current BTC value, the fee of BCH transaction is probably the same.If you want low transaction fee, you can use a lot of cryptos out there such as Ethereum, Litecoin or Dash... If BTC reach 1M per coin, 100 fee does not have much meaning if you transfer more than 1 coin per transaction, and the receiver can receive that amount of money within same day I would be happy if I were receiver , so that mount of fee is not a problem. The real issue now is the scalability of the Bitcoin blockchain, and how we can reduce transaction time significantly in compare to current situation.
interesting, what framework was this built with? unity?
What will they say when we finally understand them? So long, and thanks for all the fish!
or go to a bitcoin meetup and sell with cash in-person..... or go on vacation in Europe and get Euro and again keep it off the booksJust to be clear, you re unironically proposing to meet to participate in commercial exchange with someone you can trust not to kill or rob you on account of publicly-funded security, get to the airport on publicly-funded roads or trains, burn energy financed or outright subsidized by public infrastructure, fly out of an airport paid for with public funds and transit safely across the Atlantic using air traffic control and radar services provided by your fellow citizens to get to Europe to enjoy a vacation many Americans can t afford. All to avoid paying taxes on speculative gains.
-Launched email newsletter that interviews interesting startups which are hiring -Quit my job in academic neuroscience to become a freelance software developer-Been with my wonderful girlfriend for almost a year now
More often than not recruiters external and in-house make up large numbers to get you to reply. Here is a verbatim quote from a mail I got last year For the right candidate year 1 comp will be up to 500k.After going through a three hour coding test, phone screen onsite it turned out to be 120k smallish bonus. Maybe I m not the right candidate but most likely 500k was never on the table.It s not the first time this has happened to me or people I know either. What I m getting at is that I d take the Oxford Knight compensation numbers with a pinch of salt. Those 300k jobs _do_ exist but nowhere near as many as in the US.Additionally levels.fyi or glassdoor data doesn t support a large number of 300k jobs in London.
Thailand have next level eCommerce. Stories, newsfeeds, videos and live streams are integrated directly into the mainstream shopping app Shoppee .
that s cute, because as programmers we generally think you bankers have no idea what you re doing.
it looks much more pleasurable to read Column alignment is pretty subjectiveNo, there s absolutely nothing subjective about this topic. It s objectively easier to compare numbers and see differences when they all have the same number of digits AND are aligned to the right. 9 90 8,0 2 89 9 90 8 2 89
The brain as something that can be hardwired is metaphor is a recent manifestation of the brain as a complex but completely deterministic dispatcher. To be clear, I wasn t implying that you said anything wrong about evolutionary drives and their influence on the difficulty of sticking to an eating regimen for weight loss - just that it s only one way of looking at the problem. For example, it is reasonably understood how to create behavioral avoidance using some ethically questionable as was explored in A Clockwork Orange or seen naturally through phobias, both of which undertook the implicit metaphor that the brain has firmware that if flashed hard and often enough can override hardwiring . Then there are more benign models of child development which work under the general belief that the brain is a kind of tree, which through pruning and delicate bending of the branches over a long but influential period of life can set disposition permanently this goes back to Aristotle at least .What I took away from the article is that decisions with serious consequences such as judicial sentencing, managing our health, and massive government policies are made on overly confident assumptions that descriptive metaphorical explanations are definitive statements of reality. This happens because the convenience of language around the terms confuses people.
The distinction kragen is making is between actual cases total number of people with the virus versus cases confirmed via testing. The daily growth of 33 probably reflects increase in testing capacity more than increase in actual cases.Here are some studies supporting the doubling time estimate of 6-8 days
Important point Since the devices can be configured with system software not provided by or supported by Google or any other company, end users operate these devices at their own risk.
I mean I am not going to lose sleep over people thinking less of me for disliking homophobes. I won t be persuaded to modify my opinions by warnings that the people I dislike homophobes will dislike me in return.
Specifics tactics vary widely depending on the sector, but the general principle is this x nx being of people you re able to reach sorry for the nondescript language , and n being how many people each of those persons will share that tool.Obviously, whatever endeavor you undertake should seek to maximize n. And it would also be good to aim for low cycle time.
Just because you have fewer attempted break-ins doesn t mean your system is more secure. In other words, the only relation between the number of successful break-ins and the number of attempted break-ins is less than or equal to .
I d really like to see this happen, and have cell phone providers start going towards the direction of cable companies slowly losing monopoly over their content.Unfortunately, it will be quite some time before several major hurdles are removed before carriers are out of the picture Infrastructure. You would need a major WiMax installation covering your city. I m lucky if I find a reliable hotspot now at Startbucks. 911 access. It will be some time before WiFi is reliable enough to handle all 911 calls. Standard messaging SMS platform. Most non-carrier messaging methods need the same platform running on both ends BBM, iMessenger, WhatsApp, etc. . While it s overpriced per MB, but does work pretty much everywhere.Unless law forbids it, carriers will get creative and charge extra for these essential services to keep their bottom line going i.e. AT T 2 forced long distance fee .
What you ve described is not at all what happened. Still thinking it was a dumb question and not knowing how Stack Overflow works, attempts to blank out the question and request deletion.No, the user rewrote his entire post to ok i got my answers, we can delete this post now, i am not helping google users. He then added IF YOU GUYS ROLL BACK AGAIN, I AM CHANGING MY NICK TO ALLAH AKBAR AND YOU WILL ALL LOOK LIKE JIHAD CLUB MEMBERS OF OSAMA BIN LADEN. That s hardly requesting deletion . a diamond moderator steps in and locks the question anyway, only to unlock it 45 minutes later.The post was unlocked a week later by Stack Overflow s robot Community , automatically. At this point, the appropriate thing to do is flag the question for a moderator. That doesn t happen.You don t know that. In fact, I m willing to wager that the user flagged the question immediately but it took an hour for one of the moderators to get around to it. The review queue on Stack Overflow is enormous it takes a long time for moderators to get to some flags.Disclaimer I m a moderator on a smaller Stack Exchange site.
Maybe we stop also teaching that sex is shameful when it isn t?I really don t think porn is what causing people to think that sex is a shameful act when it is perfectly natural.Sure there are some valid discussions around porn and body image but so is there with advertising, movies, etc etc etc. It isn t like porn is the only thing pushing the perfect body image.
I don t understand. Won t a correct-to-spec validation procedure take about as long to implement as an ad hoc procedure? I m guessing a maximum of two developer-hours, and that s if you re extremely careful i.e. unit tests .
I learned that a couple months ago and was shocked as well. It could also be a symptom of ageism in the industry as it becomes harder for those not attracted by the corporate ladder to be hired, they start a business.
The distinction, defining your straw man, is simply that the image itself is generated by the commissioned artist that is the AI.Even non-generative-AI inside Photoshop only mutates images. Generative AI is the source of images.
So, women and men are both competitive, but are competitive in different arenas and typically for different reasons.I believe that s what Damore was saying in the first place.
Is this a question or a very short read?
You re still using the circular logic of insisting that caller ID can t be trusted because it shouldn t be trusted because it can t be trusted. I and most people who want to not get robocalls want a caller ID system that is trustworthy, and the first-world telcos we re doing business with are totally capable of providing a service that is at least partly trustworthy. I m not interested in receiving calls from third-world countries and would be perfectly happy only getting calls from those using providers that provide for trustworthy caller ID, but nobody s even offering to sell me such a service.
Oh NO, that is both hilarious and ugly.and interesting
This thread is almost six years old, but sadly, it might as well have been started last week. - Casey Muratori has since started a number of side-projects, so perhaps Handmade Hero has run out of steam for him. I know that he s stated in the past that is interest is more in the technical side of game programming and that he s not a game designer. Well, duh... However, his spiel has always been that Handmade Hero was about writing a complete ! game from scratch. Not just a game engine.His standard excuse is that this is just a weekend project and if you were to add the hours up and compare it to a normal work week in a game studio, he d only be in, what, three months into the development or something. Well, by that measure, I guess we have to wait another few decades until the game will finally be finished.
It seems at least portage will be able to remove the dependency on dev-python cryptography
Ironically this is solved already by the latest release of Graal, one of WASM s competitors can now distribute Python applications or libraries as standalone binaries or JAR files without any external dependencies. The Truffle framework on which GraalPy is built, and the Sulong LLVM runtime that GraalPy leverages for managed execution of Python s native extensions, enable virtualization of all filesystem access of Python applications, including those to the standard library and installed packages.So now you can build a standalone executable as follows graalpy -m standalone binary - module my_script.py - output my_binaryor a JAR file that runs on GraalVM and includes GraalPy as follows graalpy -m standalone java - output-directory MyJavaApplication - module my_script.pyThe first form creates a fast starting native binary. The second is a portable bytecode standalone file. So this WASM dream is delivered already, just by a different group of people.Now, GraalPy is a different implementation to CPython so not all Python apps run on it yet. But obviously any WASMPy would have the same issue.
Howdy, is this a native app?
I second biot s idea. I ll buy it right now though since I want to see it go further and you need money for that. Might I suggest for the time being adding in a right click and open in browser that leads to the comment page for the article? That ways it s at least a quick one step to get where you need to be in order to comment and upvote.
That thought predicting the future is in the present though, not in the future.
Nah, just went to their website you don t need to be logged in to price tickets. It s _possible_ that this is a recent DMA DSA compliance thing, I suppose.
A 22.5meg .png image on that page. How?The page in total is like 36 MB don t think I ve ever seen a page that large, outside of streaming videos and such. What an interesting time, especially because this could have been avoided by downscaling two images to fit the actual plausible display sizes.
Hmm I m sorry but this sounds like trying to rationalise blindly the fact that Apple sells old computers. It s irrelevant if they are fast enough or not. What about energy savings with each generation? What about graphics performance, where Moore s law is undoubtedly still alive as well 2x gains in the last generation of GPUs ?And no, PC sales are not declining because of the slowing down of Moore s law, but obviously because of smartphones and tablets.
3. Non intrusive arbitrary function and class mocking No need to use virtual function interfaces, mock classes, and dependency injection, which couple your library design with the way the mocking framework works. unittest uses monkey-patching through elfspy so mocking is as transparent as possible. I think such an approach is short-sighted. It means that unit tests only end up testing your code from a functional point of view.By using dependency injection mocking, unit tests also become a way of validating that the API of your code is pleasant to work with. If your code can be tested through mocks, it means you ve written something that can be reused, embedded and extended.See also
I think that more specifically they d say that this should be adressed by volountary charity. Which is nice in theory but ignores how inefficient that tends to be.
I hadn t heard of Maude before, thanks! For those interested in this kind of thing, another well-known term-rewriting language is Pure which grew out of an earlier project called Q
1990 Computerworld article mentions that Lotus compiled all their Unix applications with gcc. Given the timeframe involved, this likely means early gcc 1.x and supporting tools
they ll suffer from the same visual, tactile and cognitive challenges that make smart devices difficult.I m sure the audience here who hates smart TVs would also prefer more elegant and intuitive devices.
There are more than two architectures.I agree if you don t have organizational scale, microservices solve problems you don t have.But there are at least three separate things that are monolithic about a classical monolith. 1 the codebase, 2 the database, and 3 the build and release process.And you can certainly modularize your codebase into libraries or independent modules, but retain monolithic builds and releases against a monolithic relational database - a modular monolith .But I m not sure that s the interesting part to break up, especially if you are not trying to solve the organizational problems microservices help with.On the other hand, modularizing your build and deployment process could be helpful even if you are a solo developer - because it helps you reduce cycle times, and make smaller changes which means that you can trace bugs more quickly.And modularizing data access is better for security and reducing blast radius of bugs or errors.Modularizing the codebase seems much more like a problem you only need to tackle when your organizational complexity increases.
That s when progress ended , really? That alone is enough to discredit Thiel on the topic
Yes! This would open a huge number of possibilities. Simple things like a colour picker, to transitions based on the content of the window would be made possible. I would love to see this happen.
Selectively, not seductively.
Can homeless Japanese set up a tent on a sidewalk in the heart of Tokyo?What I ve seen in other countries is that there certainly are homeless, but the attitude is you go to a shelter or you go to jail .Does wonders for keeping visible homeless to a minimum.
I m not really up to date on Android here, but iOS uses a scene graph that lets you do a lot of things with great performance as long as you keep in mind some basic guidelines.
34 million embeddings , Seems this is a good enough sample for our use case.
Ecuador is an amazing country - while driving south I thought I would only spend a month or so, I wound up spending 5.In my opinion it s like 3 countries climates glued together - you can be on the Pacific getting sunburned at 100F for the morning, drive a few hours up into the high Andes and climb a 20,000 foot glacier capped volcano, then drive a few more hours and drop down into the amazon to watch monkeys swing through the trees.I climbed 20,000 foot Cotopaxi - lived in it s shadow for months - a supremely beautiful country, and the people are very friendly. Highly recommend.
That might be a language issue. In Danish it s common to use turkis blå , i.e. turquoise blue. Then again, you can also use turkis grøn , turquoise green.
I recently purchased a couple of old PowerBook G4 s the last models from 2005, so 17 years old There is a community still making new software for these old PPC Macs, and a custom version of MacOS with modern updates including security patches was just released. have USB 2.0, so transferring files is no issue. They have Dual-Layer DVD drives, not floppies. I brought the PowerBook with me to a hotel and was able to connect to their still active 802.11g Wifi. It browses sites like hacker news almost as well as a modern laptop. Although, Javascript brings it to a crawl. It can still edit video in Final Cut, make music in Logic 9, and play games like Halo 1.Honestly any highly specced laptop made with a Core 2 Duo and up so 15 years old or newer is still usable today.
I bet there are a lot of sciency things you can do to a specimen that you can t do to a photograph of a specimen. And it s not like a few thousand specimens in museums are driving mass extinction. It s habitat destruction and climate change.
Evernote was very sticky for me since 2009, but started quickly looking for alternatives once the new app was Electron-based. I tried Bear a few years ago but didn t like it. Also tried Obsidian and a few others but they were too finicky for me. Finally tried DevonThink but it was overkill for my purpose, formatting was weird and different with all the note type variations, and their pricing model killed it for me max two devices .I basically needed something with great search, easy formatting, and inline image support. And I found it with Ulysses. I thought it was only for people writing long-form works, but it works fantastically for my use case. It ended up being the thing that replaced Evernote for me after 12 years.
OpenSSL must die, for it will never get any better. - PHK A pretty good, recent look at OpenSSL code and how it can be improved.
The idea of countries is not taken far enough?
I don t know the first thing about autonomous weapons systems, but nothing the GP said sounds technically infeasible. And what does the game theory look like once one party has AI that can make decisions without humans? Wouldn t that be a huge advantage in combat?
By that logic it s up to you to die or not from being shot in the face.No that s an issue directly caused by a 3rd party. Hunger is imposed not by an individual but by biology. doctors are obligated to provide emergency cares by law in many regions.There s some confusion around what is the responsibility of an emergency room and individuals, but UK, USA, Canada, Singapore, etc don t require doctors to act in an emergency. The US requires emergency rooms to protect treatment in an actual emergency but not everything qualifies. country is different but few require doctors to act in an Emergency and non for general care, it s basically a handful of European countries and Australia. Even then it s a minimal level of treatment.
That plastic will outlast you, though. When considering environmental impact it s prudent to look beyond a couple hundred years - which I admit we suck at as humans.
Intelligence doesn t beget humility.I completely disagree. Imo, a truly intelligent person understands well that they cannot carry the world upon their shoulders, and from that realization they are humbled.
Free of endless infringementsWoof. America...
My comment was just about what you call under-escap ing the second period. I mean if you don t know if a , !_ or any other character means something you can just write before that character. In other words, without thinking of whether it means something in your regex language. I don t think means anything, but I would write to match an equals sign, so I don t even have to think about it. So my comment was about matching literal characters of any kind. I would have used a for the literal period out of habit, just because it wasn t A-Za-z . So my version would have been right the first time.
Funny, but it s not all on Ceki. The folks who created java.util.logging instead of simply adopting log4j, and the people who created commons-logging and the couple of other miscellaneous frameworks that are floating around, also bear some responsibility for this mess.
Yes, this is probably the bigger impact, to be honest. Teams have limited resources and more and more of it is cannibalized by regulatory compliance work.
France. I ve been getting about 6 months worth of Gold at the promotional 1 per month this way. Subscribe via ad on console, turn off renewal, wait for it to expire, goto 1.
blockchain bubbleThere is bitcoin, then there are shitcoins.Every year someone releases a new altcoin with a youtube video that promises the end of war, starvation, etc... Then suckers buy it. 3 years ago, it was developing the ultimate privacy coin , because the libertarians ate that shit up.Using blockchain outside of currency seems expensive and unnecessary.I dont see bitcoin bubble popping unless they have a security issue. The rest of the coins might be as good as useless when people realize how expensive it is to run 7 computers to do the job of 1.
I m not trying to say it s great, just that a few websites insist on using their own home-brewed 2FA and therefore don t work with the apps that support the standard. For example Twilio SendGrid, Steam, etc.Someone in this thread already pointed out that I m wrong and although they don t use the standard, Steam is supported by Aegis.
The difference is that they have money and lawyers, and you don t.
What was I supposed to take away from that? That The Beatles members fell off? That drugs aren t for everyone? I m struggling to find the insight here, because it feels more like tweet and less like a fruitful topic for discussion, lest we want to argue about Beatles discography, in which Revolver is obviously the best.
There s also Ruby not that Ruby .
Cloudflare doesn t let you host Docker containers or offer managed Postgres do they?
To that I raise you option number 4, who is part of a wider cultural phenomenon among the Gen Z
Have you managed to find decent employment in al of those areas? If so, why worry?Why not try to accept you are who you are, and apparently this is part of who you are currently. It seems to work out fine if it does , so no need to worry.
LA summers are ridiculously hot, but by all means live wherever you enjoy the weather.
I watched it and genuinely cannot remember either of these things happening. It was a very bad movie.
E2E changed meaning since, for example, HIPAA.
And Amazon needs to follow the rules and laws of the place that IT S trying to sell at.
Nationalism really has nothing to do with my response. A fully-admitted-in-advance pedantic sense of accuracy does.The Web is significant. I m well aware of its history, and the yes, publicly-funded Arpanet and Internet. But the WWW not the whole Net, and other than some path-dependent accidents of history see Meredith L. Patterson s On Port 80 would probably be subsiding now largely due to mobile tech. Designed in Cupertino, built in China. And likely designed in China before much longer .The point remains that TFA talks of partitioning the Internet, not merely the Web, via mostly Internet-specific, not Web-specific, mechanisms.Cheers.
I think the Vietnam War was more obviously neocolonial.
Qt says hi.Yeah, Qt feels better to use compared to GTK but with bugs like these having to pull in hundreds of MBs of dependencies to use just one KDE app, say Gwenview, I d say that platform agnostic GUI apps are either dead or rare. qBittorrent is a good example of such a rare app that works really well across desktop environments and window managers on Linux.
Terraform is terrible as it is. Good riddance. We need real tools instead of messing around with text files with ridiculous formatting.
That s hilarious. I would give you 2 to just keep writing. Sadly the technology is just not there. Everyone is busy welding the next digital prison for popular walled gardens. Building a forest of plastic plants.
In what way is this any different than someone picking the lock to the front door of your house, smashing things up with a baseball bat, carrying your valuables out to the street and then leaving you a note saying you should have bought a better lock ?I d far rather live in a world where we didn t need the lock in the first place.
I suppose the difference is that they can afford to be. If any of the rest of us stopped liking our car on an arbitrary whim, we d have to suck it up and drive it anyway.
As it became clear this is nothing unusual,Sure, because hiring festival companies to run temporary morgues is what we do every year.
key connections and experience within aerospace and auto industry the two often overlap Interesting, can you expand more on how the two overlap? This is the first time I hear about this and it might be that the overlap is happening at a different level than I operate, but I personally have not seen this.
Being advertised in mainstream media seems like a good initial assessment for shit science -
Just wanted to add that some simpler option of buying the license would be sweet, it tends to be much easier to get signed up for something that doesn t require contract and we can just use company credit card. Maybe it could be available while offering something akin to previous Free Enterprise without new, cutting edge features license but with higher seat limits? I don t know, just spitballing.I like paying for things that I use and bring me value, but at the moment Sourcegraph is a hard sell due to high cost compared to small company size and being based outside of Western Europe and US.
I wonder the same. If I have a loan, they still get cash from my bank.I don t know much about the US house buying process, but from what I ve read about it it sounds insane. Fees everywhere, two realtors involved etc.
Yes, and that has never actually worked, so recently there s been a change of tactic and new sanctions mostly target rich and powerful people and organisations.
Fully agree. My wife is a Montessori teacher, and her observation has been that people are afraid of failure, even in an environment where failure is an expected part of learning. There are some cultural differences, but she says that it s a fairly accurate baseline.There s an excellent talk 0 that discusses why and how blameless has missed the mark. Somewhat compressed version of the same talk by the same person here 1 . 0
Yes, this could be all smoke and mirrors and Apple is already in bed with the USG and they just playing us and taking us for suckers but setting all these legitimate concerns aside and assuming that this whole controversy is legit, I think Apple s position is vulnerable given their tax policies and hoarding cash reserves in offshore subsidiaries and holding the repatriation of these funds to the US.I think that the USG could really twist Apple s arm and take them to courts over trumped up tax evasion charges and force Apple to cooperate with them on that FBI issue.Let s just wait to see how this interesting story evolves and concludes before passing judgements very early.
I don t think Angular can be fixed, without throwing out everything in 1.x.What s wrong 1. UIs are complex. Angular tries to solve this by attaching a lot of programming capability into its templating language. That makes the template itself very complex, which is the situation with Angular right now. Instead of injecting some programming capability into html-like templating, a better way would be to insert templating into a full programming language. Example, JSX.2. One of the great things about the evolving JS ecosystem as seen in say, the npm registry is that components and libraries are tiny, and usually they do only one thing. While there are a few disadvantages to this, it also gives incredible flexibility. From my experience it reduces risk because components are smaller and better understood and makes it possible to adopt newer ideas tech faster because you could incrementally add small components . Angular on the other hand, tried to do too much.3. Frameworks should enable users to re-use what they already know, instead of making them go through dozens of pages of documentation. Learning Angular takes as much time as learning JavaScript. We should encourage libraries which take advantage of what programmers already know, so that they can spend time working on features instead of learning the framework.
Now we just need some way to watch the watchers...
The US has a specific exemption to the prohibition of slavery for incarcerated individuals in our constitution. I think there are many powerful people in our country with a vested interest in keeping the prison-slave-labor pipeline flowing.
I don t want a monitor with a laptop tacked onto it. At that point, I ll just buy a laptop, to plug into my existing monitors.
Fire the tech lead for one if he has not been already.
According to the footnote, the numbers are compiled from a potpourri of external sources. That s kind of surprising to me. I would think that GetSatisfaction has grown big enough to run their own surveys.I didn t see anything in the numbers that was a big surprise, but I don t trust the 68 leave because of the treatment they receive vs. 14 that leave due to dissatisfaction with the product or service. The numbers seem skewed toward GetSatisfaction s forte.
Can we learn more about the Iran underground bar culture? Or does putting that here violate that culture? Just curious.
I m not a huge fun of going thru the time and expense of legal formation every time you want to explore a potentially lucrative side project... I once rapidly formed an LLC because someone wanted to buy a side project of mine.But you can protect yourself. First, only dabble with people who you trust. It s not perfect every couple believes till death do us part when they say it , but it helps. Beyond that, it s trivial to write out a shared understanding that will get you much of the way to protected . Note that the most important thing is that they are ethical and there is a shared understanding. Legal docs aren t a substitute for that, they re just a weapon if you need to go to war.Discuss the following 1 Compensation. Equity? Deferred ? If equity, of ownership fully vested and rate of vesting. read What happens in various dissolution scenarios? What if either or both of you want to quit? What if either or both of you wants to fire the other? Who owns the code?Once you share a verbal understanding, write it down via email to him and have him respond to the email confirming that he agrees. If you re worried, print and sign 2 copies. It doesn t have to be legalese to give you teeth if a fight happens... But your goal should obviously be to avoid a fight.You have a lot of power right now, but you should use it lightly. Say, Hey, X-- I m feeling increasingly uncomfortable and would love to take some time out to discuss our partnership. I know incorporation is expensive and time consuming, but I d like to make sure we share an understanding on X, Y, and Z. Once we do, I d like to write that down, email it, sign it, etc. Does that make sense? When would be a good time for that? I suspect we ll need a few hours of quiet time. Until that happens, stop writing code and if you think he might be a bastard make sure you have the passwords.
Historically people die over anything desirable. Food, land, water, gold. There s no solution other than fixing human nature itself.
My understanding is there s a much greater emphasis on counter-space capabilities now that US military is shifting towards peer to peer confrontations China . ASAT... especially a concurrent global network is going to be pretty key to nullifying the Chinese missile gap in SCS by disrupting the killchain - Chinese satellites - in a manner that doesn t endanger US space assets. Also this was a month ago just needing the capability, media releases like this seems to be oblique posturing as well.Edit apparently posting to fast? Reply to below ASAT warfare is hugely advantageous to themMost threat models anticipate disrupting space assets in peer to peer conflicts to mitigate technological edge. All the old ASAT tests have been missiles that create debris or potential debris in deliberate near misses , Recipe for kessler syndrome if executed at scale. So moving to beam ASAT that can disrupt destroy sensors precisely without adversely risking the space commons might not be a terrible development in terms of space arms race.Also if memory serves some of the new Chinese satellite used to track SCS shipping US aircraft carriers are in a high orbit that can t be hit by current ASAT at all. So this might be developing new capabilities. It certainly makes sense to hit other objects in space vacuum at speed of light than to power drones through clouds.
Elon is hardly describing a vision for this new version of twitter that people might be inspired to spend 8 for, yes something vague about plebs vs nobility,Yeah, Elon calls the status quo a lords peasants system and says that to get out of that model Twitter should have a two-tier model where the paid users get special visual flair, algorithmic boosts in their tweets prominence and reach, and a reduced-ads feed experience compared to free users.And somehow doesn t see the irony.
I messed up on the inheritance it was a house leftover from the house building business and used for rent and a sale later.Their own yearly reports put the second part to a lie - they would have to cut back significantly on their spending if they lost this income. It s possible for them to do without going homeless, but it would be non-trivial.His last reported year, his base costs food, clothing, electricity, etc were 30,000 - within the range. But as he himself notes right below that total, they spent around 90,000 on health insurance and a vehicle, which he pretends doesn t belong in the previous category because the job pays for it .Not holding that job suddenly puts him on the hook for that 90,000, or puts him at risk of not having health insurance and reliable transportation.
Out of curiosity, what are the regressions?
There is for a daily newsletter with all the usuals including info if they offer a .puz and with direct downloads of the same.
Most specific stuff I have seen.
That s what Old Russian is - the language of Kievan Rus and related dialects.
Thats quite easy.1 How many forks and stars do you have? 2 How often have you opensourced? 3 Have you blogged about them or created a documentation? 4 Why did they build each of those repos? 5 Commit logs... etc..Very easy to develop such a framework.One or two repos can be copied, but there is ample signature on a genuine open source contributors.
Some time ago Telco carriers used to keep their plant assets data in Excel, PDF, Autocad, images, paper etc. I work for a company that does software to centralize all that info in a database. Once they start using the software the big issue is that they want to keep different versions of the same data all centralized. Sort of a version control system, the complexity of maintaining data integrity in such environment is massive. It is like they would like to return to a decentralized system where they can do whatever they want with their data.
No it wasn t. Gitlab CI is such a great thing and well integrated with the main product. Github is nowhere near.Another thing is better branch protection, more granular branch merging and review policies.That s just from the top of my head.
In the early 99 days of VHS movies though, I don t believe MacroVision was a thing.I recall frequenting the only video rental store in Homer, Alaska ma-and-pa, of course, this was pre-Blockbuster and a small town in Alaska, of course and I believe they would rent multiple copies of a popular title but dubbed onto blank VHS tapes.I also had friends and relatives that had a few pirated films. The sci-fi nerds I knew all had Star Wars and Empire on VHS long before it was either possible or affordable to probably picked up at a booth at a sci-fi convention .I know, not the majority though by any means.
I m always surprised with how much people get surprised about google spying on them. Or about google ignoring privacy options in platforms they own chrome, android .
GitHub repo only linked in the comments also - they re dogfooding issues in their own YouTrack thing. It looks like JetBrains does this for all their open source projects. Can anyone with some experience compare against GitHub s issues?
My Mattel Aquarius had a tape drive.
It might be sort of like switching from hardware rendering of video to software rendering.
Because it s what you already know? Teaching yourself nix from scratch isn t free.Because there s some other piece of software you want to use that requires it? Lots of people seem to like MS SQL Server, for example.
The concept of the big bang is not an explosion in pre-existing space, but really is space itself expanding.
The fav feature is the like button. You can see your most popular tweets at rel nofollow there click on the recent button to see what tweets of yours were recently faved, or the given button to see what you have faved.I ve recently started integrating RT tracking too, as tech tweeters do tend to use RT more than likes.If you log into once, it will start collecting favs and RTs you give and receive almost instantly. Otherwise it collects them more slowly using twitter s REST api.
It s like selling a religion because John Travolta and Tom Cruise are in it...
Any plans to implement feature like complete server monitoring? Like Google analytic s for Server monitoring?This is simple yet helpful tool. Those who wish to stay away from nitty gritty of configuring complex apps to monitor their server this can be helpful.
Mint RF70 perhaps.
Google Takeout.I used to use offlineimap and as far as I know it should still work...
Incidentally, this pattern is where a lot of conservative commentators are coming from when they say liberalism is a disease . Non-liberals don t tend to exhibit this behavior - they move to an area, hunker down, shut up, and try to integrate.This is an interesting comment. Or rather, thinking about how this could be --and, it is-- is what I think is interesting.I ve given this much thought because, as someone who tries hard to navigate an ideological center --borrowing what s good from each side and discarding the rest-- I have watched in horror as some of my friends and even a few family members have effectively become radicalized the only word that fits towards each of the ideological extremes.My conclusion, or rather one of them, is that there must be a genetic element at play. Nobody is born with these ideologies. Just like nobody is born religious. And yet, over time, mental changes occur.How can I explain my atheism and extreme skepticism? All I can grab for is that my brain is wired just different enough that it is able to go against the grain. Social pressures can be intense. I had absolutely no negative experiences with the church growing up. And yet, somewhere near adulthood I started to question it all and ultimately rejected it.The same mechanism applies to political leanings. I ve gone back and forth thinking that one school of thought was better than the other, only to realize - 25 from center is where the good stuff lies and the rest is just grotesquely wrong on both sides.A long way to say that it is my theory that people who s brains are genetically wired in a certain way self-select towards the left or the right. This isn t an intellectual process at all. The failing being that very few of them ever take the time to, in fact, at some point, look at their positions through the lens of honest intellectual inquiry.And so, the Democrats who leave CA and behave the same way they did in CA do so because, well, that s who they are. Just like Republicans are who they are. Genetically.A lateral example could be had in Olympic class swimmers vs. wrestlers. Their body types are very different. Yet, swimming doesn t stretch someone out, make them taller and more slender any more than wrestling makes them short and muscular. The top achievers in both domains self-selected into those positions because that s the genetics they were handed. They build from there, but you can t take a short person and make turn them into world competitive swimmers unless they were also born with super-human endurance and power delivery capacity...their hull speed will be lower than that of a longer person.The other interesting data point is found in the Hispanic population in the US. Quite a few of them got here by escaping from regimes that are not that different from the ideology that has currently taken hold in the American Left. And yet, surprisingly, they are voting for and supporting the same kinds of people and policies they left behind. Once again, my thinking is that this is simply who they are genetically rather being Democrats or Republicans . After all, they had no clue about either of these parties before they got here.It s an interesting problem because this effect has destroyed nearly every single Latin American nation over the last, take a pick, one hundred years. The policies that have permeated places like CA and are being championed as saviors for our country are the very same kinds of policies and ideology that have laid waste to entire nations. This isn t a matter of opinion, it s a matter of Latin American history, something we don t teach here.I have friends in Argentina --where elections are about to take place before the end of the month-- who are in absolute fear of the Leftists once again gaining power. And when I say fear I am not being dramatic. They actually fear they will lose everything they have worked so hard to achieve during the last several years. Venezuela s Maduro regime is sending activists into Argentina to cause mayhem and disruption. In fact, a good deal of Latin America is on fire right now with the political Left trying very hard to either take control or gain greater control. They are attacking journalists and, generally speaking, unraveling the very fabric of civilized society. It s sad to watch this kind of thing form a distance. It s also sad to understand that if we, in the US, don t realize what these people are actually selling we stand a really good chance to end-up on a path that will forever transform this nation and not in a good way.Anyhow, this stuff is really depressing to me. I can t see why people don t see what s going on. A lack of education in the actual history of other lands might be part of the culprit. I mean, how many Bernie and Warren supporters actually even know about The Gulag Archipelago, much less read any of it.
there is confusion in this thread due to multiple chemicals having the initials TCP, one is an antiseptic the other is a harsh solvent
How do you TDD experimental evolving code? I work on scientific algorithms, where there are typically only few lines of code that constantly evolve to improve some performance metric.I have been struggling for a while to integrate testing into my work. TDD is easy and perfectly suited for normal software development, where there is some kind of plan, and you are writing a lot of code that changes little after it is written.I d be very interested in pointers on how to apply TDD to little code that changes a lot after it is initially written.
Last time this showed up on here, a poster claimed to be the consultant who did the upgrade and caused the problem.
Citation for that first paragraph and last sentence please.I can see a demonstration of 50 50 in a controlled study, but I don t see how you get to 50 50 at a real company in this industry in the Bay Area without actively discriminating against those who meet the hiring criteria and are not women or minority, since 50 50 is so far from the base rate of potential applicants available to hire from.To answer your question, yes, I would work in a place or field like that if that is all I heard in the above link, because I also know that nothing I read in that article is isolated solely to tech companies in Silicon Valley. AFAIK and I haven t seen numbers otherwise , everything described in that article happens in many industries and many regions, including other industries I ve personally worked in or with previously that weren t tech and weren t in the Bay Area or necessarily the United States including one industry that is mostly female .I m not saying that we shouldn t address and change the culture so these unfortunate problems don t happen to anyone, but painting one industry and region as being uniquely a bad apple does a lot to deprive good people interested in that industry from entering it in the first place, leaving those already there further isolated.I work worked at one of Silicon Valley s many unicorns on the same team as one of the women who founded the female engineering group at the company and who champions the hiring of more women and one of the greatest challenges I heard her complain regularly about when trying to recruit women to improve our ratios was trying to overcome how the biased tech media likes liked to portray our company and any unicorn once it starts experiencing success . I heard of several instances where a woman turned down our offers and went to work elsewhere merely on account of what the media said despite my colleagues claims to the candidate otherwise. The way I see it, the chicken little sky is falling way of talking about things highlights problems but also actively discourages people from joining and making it better. Lots of great female engineers declined a seat on a rocket ship on account of what was being said, and I have no idea how many more didn t even consider applying in the first place.There are ways to highlight and address the problem without discouraging people from coming to work in tech. I would love to see a comparative analysis of the transgressions in your linked article across multiple industries. Raising awareness for these problems everywhere helps get them solved, but raising awareness for these problems in one particular industry is both productive and counterproductive as it highlights the problem while simultaneously discouraging people from entering that industry to expedite those solutions.Before I conclude this comment, I want to be very clear that I wholeheartedly agree that everything in that linked article is a problem and needs to be improved, but my particular complaint above and in this comment is about people who seek results without applying logic and rationality to understand the problem and don t also apply logic and rationality before arriving at solutions. Basically, a society that demonstrates logic and rationality is the social cause I most advocate for above all other social causes because it keeps all other social causes and those that advocate for them honest and grounded in reason. In fact, this colleague who took on the important work of trying to recruit more female candidates started out as one of those women who had a job offer at our unicorn and went to work at another unicorn on a different coast with a better reputation first and ended up back at our unicorn less than a year later finding out that while our reputation was worse, our conditions were better but still need improvement .
What? He also predicted how and why it would fail. Sun was a big enough player then that it could have survived plenty of other ways. Apple of today looks nothing like the company in 2000, but Sun got caught out more or less exactly as described and never adapted.
Duh.
Awesome! have y all seen donkeycar? great for meetups hackathons!
I liked it - I felt it didn t really answer the question it seemed to set out with though.That is - there was a time when it looked like the USSR was genuinely going to catch up with and surpass the USA, how did they manage this and where did it go wrong?
All you need is Moom for every window, not just terminal.
Redhat s response to the DLJ retirement they have bought a binary code license BCL which gets around the problem. Does this apply to Fedora too?
I have a feeling it s a sales tactic which seeks to purposely use up a candidate s time with the hope that the candidate falls victim to the sunk cost fallacy.Desired inner monologue I think they hope to generate in us I ve already spent 3 calls and a couple of hours talking to , so I might as well continue on with the process lest I end up wasting all that time. disclosure I m a dev and not a recruiter, so take this with a grain of salt.
What makes that extra 3 more important then the initial 2? Its still less then how much you spend on a coffee or a lunch during a single morning afternoon. edit Real question here. Especially since I m and I m assuming others are looking at doing iPhone dev at some point in the future.
Also, Ctrl j works as enter as well.A decent subset of emacs keybindings work in anything that uses gnu readline or similar library ctrl a b f... etc .
What s the point of the competition when a good portion of the top athletes are doping? It s not a pure contest of man, willpower, carbon-fiber, and asphalt.I m a transhumanist, so I just want to see the most impressive things the human body can pull off, and that includes the use of chemical enhancement..
When is the rest of EU coming up? Same regulations everywhere I can t understand the hold up.
They already do, if you want more than 15GB of storage space.They make it stupid hard to delete big e-mails quickly, and the interface is super super slow so that you just go fuck it and pay the 2 month
It panics sometimes instead of returning the errors and there s no way to catch that in a clean way in go.
There s some great stuff here!
One of the very few things the Trump admin did that I kind of liked was requiring new federal buildings to have neoclassical gothic beaux arts styles. I wish we could look at more federal buildings and say wow, that s beautiful, that s cultural . That in contrast to brutalism, for which I have a slight soft spot due to growing up with it but damn it s ugly.
Are the existing clients that bad? I tried one years ago, and I didn t have any issue with the Jellyfin client. I only stopped using Jellyfin because Locast was killed off and that was my main thing I was doing with it.
Whether it does or not, cuddle your children.
For replacing a MBP, here are some higher-end models I d recommend 2K display, 16GB ram, 12th gen Intel i5 i7 - HP Dragonfly Pro Chromebook - i5-1235U, super-bright 1200-nit display - 999.99- Framework Laptop Chromebook Edition - i5-1240P, upgradable only 8GB RAM but supports up to 64GB , modular, repairable no touchscreen - 999.00- Acer Chromebook Spin 714 specifically CP714-1WN-720J - i7-1260P, solid 360 hinge - 1099.99
Stripe. We love you.Recurring billing is such a pain in India and we have been thinking about registering in the US for a while. More than the high costs some of the lawyers charge, the issue is with opening a bank account.Applied for the beta. Hopefully, we ll get accepted soon. Even if I don t make it to the free list, I ll gladly pay the 500 fee. That probably should tell you enough since it s coming from a bootstrapped startup founder.
More than 400,000 people are killed by malaria each year, most of them children under the age of five.This is one of those sentences that is just too easy to read over. But losing a young child to a disease must be unbearably painful. Multiply that grief by 400,000.My greatest comfort in these times is that COVID19 appears to have little effect on young children. I wish these researchers the best, and I hope they get all the support they need.
It s just guess, but it very much possible Apple simply can t publish any documentation because even they use a lot of 3rd-party IP under NDA. Also publishing documentation officially make patents attack easier.I not into defending Apple, but there are plenty of reasons why they re okay with Asahi team reverse engineering their hardware, but won t invest any money into making it more open. After all they earn a lot from subscription services and Linux users wont pay for them.
Fortunately my skills are in demand enough that hopefully I will never be forced to sell my labor to such a company.
I could not agree more. In fact I said the same thing to a post on HN not a month ago why are people aiming to be the 1 in their careers or markets when just being great at what you do, and for enough people, will bring happiness and joy for all involved.
Yes, this is something above the Byzantine Generals Problem - that scenario didn t take into consideration, that the general s agenda is changing over time.Another interesting angle is, that in case of Bitcoin, both groups have vested interest to cooperate with the other group and having the matter resolved as soon as possible that s what actually happened in March. It seems to me like a variant of the Prisoner s dilemma .This is what I think that the hostile takeover is highly unlikely in Bitcoin scenario , since that would very quickly brought the BTC value down. So like in the Prisoner s dilemma, both groups will become silent and cooperate, rather than betray the other.
If you ve ever done voice prompt recordings for a phone system, voice cloning would be super helpful for doing one off tweaks, especially if you have to record a bunch. Instead of rerecording 20 messages, which can sometimes take hours, you can use a clone of your own voice to make the necessary modifications. My friend does a lot of recordings as part of his job and when I showed him the Adobe voice editing preview he got really excited. It has the potential to make tweaks a lot easier, less time consuming, and reduce voice strain.
Hahah I was the first reply with the same link... Are you taking the final tomorrow at Yale?
Greener cities are absolutely a necessity for humanity, but sadly will be reserved for the wealthiest who can afford the Luxury of such things as clean air, clean water and greenspace.Until the extreme inequality at the core of capitalist society is addressed in a meaningful way so never really , any so called Green cities will just be gated enclaves of the wealthy, and the poor will be forced to live surrounded by the pollution the rich are ultimately responsible for, yet are able to afford to isolate themselves from.
Android Oboe 1 might fix that an API that goes through OpenSL ES or AAudio depending on what is available .Then, in future far, far away we might get a touch input method that isn t too laggy for interaction with audio. Last year, the best we could get was around 30ms 2 on iSomething and I hope that 120hz refresh rate becomes the standard but even that is huuuuge compared to a MIDI controller . 1
That s a very impressive video. It s interesting that they used ATM networking, which also showed promise but didn t really take off
well, German law, but there is likely something similar in other countries Nah there is not. Don t lie.
Maui does not at present offer Linux support. There s a community effort, but AFIAK it hasn t gotten a lot of steam yet.
Most people don t use Ubuntu.Come on, man, it s a Linux Distro how many of our moms are installing those?Plus there s the whole easy monetization thing for developers.This is like saying Dropbox s functionality was a solved problem thanks to rsync.
I love watch. watch df -h watch ls -sh watch cat file watch nmcli device wifi list watch -n 10 --color curl -s wttr.in
A person s perceived status shouldn t win them an argument.
Avoiding this hairy problem was why I went 1 with a more verbose and more alien-looking -- but much more regular -- s-expression syntax for what is still exactly a C type system number address number address address number address array character map address array character list number function number - number etc. For simple types you can replace brackets with colons address array character But you have full expressiveness if you need it. 1
There are some types of merges that pijul would handle better, but technically, git could too, if it spent more time on them.
Still not victim blaming, go back and read the whole thing again.Which car is safer if you re choosing a car to be in? big or small? The bigger is safer and the smaller is more dangerous to be in , in a multi-car accident.My whole post was on the rationalization of the choice of size of car. Language matters, as you say. It is about people not choosing the smaller car and not being the victim due to driving a smaller car.Yes, the escalation of size causes problems in aggregate, but not the point of what I wrote.
Ah. You re B2B.Thanks.
Interesting.. signed up for this. I wonder what the scope of work is for 3,500.
You re comparing two different things though. Not everyone can have the closest parking space, but couldn t everyone attend the meeting remotely?If you add the capability to do it then I can give you a thousand reasons why someone should need it. They could be photosensitive and need to avoid sunlight, or agoraphobic, or have children they can t leave home alone, or follow a religion that requires them not to look upon an uncovered woman who is not their wife. They could be poor and unable to afford the travel, or live far away from the meeting place.By the time I m done listing reasons, there won t be anybody left without one.The same is true for parking spaces, but giving everyone the closest parking space is not an option. How is allowing anyone to attend remotely not an option?
and nearly the entire cohort was overweight in the conventional sense?In this sense, in the US, over 70 of adults are overweight overweight or obese . So the numbers seem reasonable splitting that population in half.
Now you know how the non-technical CEO feels during the meeting with the dev team.
There s a little tavern on the Hill , an Italian neighborhood here in St. Louis, down the street from where Yogi and Joe Garagiola grew up. My, then girlfriend, lived near there and we d occasionally go to the tavern with her grandfather. Once in a while, Yogi would show up, even just 10 years ago, to say hi to old friends who would think nothing of him as a hall-of-famer but everything as a dear friend who had been gone a while.
but given that it seems to makes no attempt to remove C3 and C2 bytes from elsewhere in the machine code, that ROP tools will in fact continue to work just fine.To use ROP you need not only the RET instruction, but the code before it. You want to execute some existing function and return only then, not just return.Buffer overflow attacks rely on overwriting return address, which is stored on the stack, with address of some code that attacker wants to execute. But if before returning the function XORs the value attacker used with some value he does not know, it is impossible for attacker to start ROP chain.Though like with ASLR, it is possible to defeat this with a leak. If attacker can defeat ASLR, he likely can defeat this as well.
Ha, yes I haven t been at Facebook since well before they acquired Instagram, but you re right to note a certain amount of irony in the situation! Of course, I don t mind the comment, and happy to post another way to see what we did with the project!
dead
What?
Got this from the better source link. So its 75F in a cave under the vent I guess Using an underwater robot, the science team overturned chunks of volcanic crust, discovering cave systems teeming with worms, snails, and chemosynthetic bacteria living in 75 degrees Fahrenheit 25 degrees Celsius water.
Deer viruses also don t typically infect humans. But human viruses will readily infect other humans.
Perhaps you aren t looking?Rust delivers on all these claims. And there have been others before it. Rust hits all the sweet spots for me.
I just discovered this. Very cool!
Ideally the legal system wouldn t be byzantine and prohibitively expensive for mere mortals to engage with.
Skinned mesh performance isn t a big issue for many developers.I guess it s a problem if you re making a zombie game with hundreds of skinned zombies active. But the bigger problem in that case is that there s no easy way to LOD the animation or GameObject hierarchy.
So how does Skyhook still work for iPhones? Apple made the mac addresses private on IOS14 and they rotate every 24hrs to prevent wifi tracking. So did Apple make the data private to then be able to sell themselves to Skyhook? Seems like it
Link me a JavaScript library that works cross platform on both iOS and Android with unified interface in React Native. Ideally it s maintained and if you are asking me why I wrote it, it s also because there was nothing available 2 years ago.Majority of JS XMPP libraries depend on the DOM for xml parsing - see strophe.js for example. This won t work in all JSC runtimes. The point is XMPP is a solved problemYe, which problem exactly? All of them are solved partially. Let me give you example, imagine you have a platform where users can chat in chatrooms as simple as it gets really . On your platform you have a username and you are supposed to communicate with others with your username. You d think xmpp is perfect! Nope, you ll have to fork the xmpp server for this use case. Why? Well, because XMPP standard supports nickname changing, which means in a context of a platform it would allow nickname spoofing. So you need to modify and add some security rules on top of it. Solved problem of course...
The Matrix . anyone?
The BGM-109G Gryphon ground-launched cruise missiles were all destroyed except a few for museums as part of the INF treaty. The warheads were put into storage. system used large off-road capable trucks and would drive to one of several pre-surveyed locations in preparation for launch.Source The 38th Tactical Missile Wing was at Wueschheim Air Station, just down the road from where I was stationed at Hahn. Also, a friend was a surveyor for the Army, who scouted locations for the Pershing II IRBM in the pre-GPS world.
ZFS is not GPL? I dunno, I like feeling safe when I do kernel upgrades knowing even if for whatever reason my ZFS module doesn t compile work under the new kernel, I won t be left without a root FS. I have been running BTRFS for 5 years with very little issues, and enjoy not having to compile a new dkms module with every kernel.
Each to their own. I d be more than happy to write something for you pre-emptively if I was really keen at exploring your company, but I m quite picky and also I m in sales of sorts so if I think I have a good pitch or angle approach that will give me an edge I ll take it as opposed to playing the random lottery - similarly I ll also see if we have mutual connections on LinkedIn or if I know your investors etc all I m saying is that people should think about how to improve their odds!
My psychiatrist still has an Earthlink email address. I started seeing him in 1991 and we still talk 30 minutes every 4 months just for lulz.
I cannot believe that in our age, and in a field like ours where everyone has a computer and is internet savvy we are still using recruitment agencies to find jobs and employees.Paying 15 of my salary for the privilege of being a self-proclaimed hub between employers and employees? Well, thank you very much, but I ll skip.
In addition, I know of no company who provides better spam and malware filtering.
You are an interesting person Doreen. I have subscribed to your blog!
Pocketbook - Sydney, AustraliaCome and help us.. help people with their money. We hire people who love and obsess about what they do, like an artisan applying their craft. We are are looking for a few artisans - Designer UX - Finances are typically boring. We have an opportunity to change that and how people interact with it. Come and design it. Data Scientist - Help us figure out who and what our users do and what they might do to make better use of their money. Mobile Engineer We want to take our mobile apps to the next level of awesome. If you re awesome - apply!Email me - alvin getpocketbook.com.btw. we are looking for full-time but if you can t do that - we still want to talk to you.
Interesting question, but the article doesn t really answer it. It talks about how long they are supposed to last and about failures, but I didn t see statistics on the time to failure of actual installations, compared to expectations.
Marxism-Leninism is certainly not dead, although the fall of the USSR was a harsh blow. In my Western European country, the Communist Party still gets almost 10 of the votes, and while they no longer openly defend Stalin s legacy, Leninism is still very much at the core of their identity.
You still have to build it from source with local dependencies.
Person C operates a marketplace platform. They are very much involved in what is sold in their marketplace. They do not want to be associated with material deemed objectionable. They don t need you to agree it is objectionable. Do you think they should be forced to list anything someone might want to sell that isn t illegal? What kind of freedom is that?
Then I imagine that keyword would be added to the static dictionary.
40 of mobile developers don t have good apps. Heck, more like 90 of them don t Sturgeon s law .
How would you feel about a regular petrol car having extended range as an option, but you knew the shorter range model had exactly the same tank but the fuel gauge was calibrated differently, and the fuel pump stopped pumping before the tank was really empty.
Brave said they will keep the v2 capability in their Chromium fork as long as it s possible paraphrasing, I can t find the exact tweet to quote .
It is well known that in the untyped or dynamically typed if you prefer that language case then the expression problem trivializes.In fact, if we sacrifice type-safety then the problem trivializes in a typed language too.
You might not hear about it all that much because it isn t cool to blog about it, but doesn t it make sense that women make less money when, on average, it costs more to hire them? This isn t about right or wrong, it s math.Have there ever been lower taxes for women in any country? This would make sense, wouldn t it? Society wants and needs women to have children. So why shouldn t we pay for it, instead of the employer or the women employees?
PHP always got heat for the same reasons so much terrible, amateur advice replicating via StackOverflow et al. , and the only thing keeping Python from meeting the same fate is the fact that shoddy scripts written in Python generally don t get deployed to a public-facing platform for the world to abuse.
Thanks for this - I never would have guessed it!
I combine Tree Style Tabs with the Tab Group 1 feature added in FF4 I believe instead of using a separate window for each class of tabs that I m viewing. Those 2 combined with the Pin as App Tab option for Gmail and a couple of my control panels makes for a pretty efficient setup usability wise.I really would love to see memory efficiency improve. I restarted FF yesterday and I m already at 2.22 GB. It would be great to be able to set a ceiling on the amount of RAM FF is able to get its greedy little hands on. My iMac has 16GB, and I ve seen FF reach half of that before when running a big Flash based web app with a hundred or so other tabs open. My little MacBook Air only has 4GB, so being able to tell FF to grab no more than 1GB or so would be fantastic! 1
How is that anywhere close to stealing? The only person who loses anything in this situation is the person that chose not to pirate the content that was not available to them.
At the same time, it s likely much more expensive to code native apps than it is to just build an html css js app using chrome with a lot of the heavy lifting already done for you at the expense of increased resource consumption .A lot of these apps wouldn t exist if they couldn t have been built quickly and cheaply.
And if you say well but I buy my meat from my local butcher... ok cool. Most people still don t, and won t, and that s the real issue.Right, but this goes back to my first paragraph. I would argue that most people do not have the moral effort to entirely give up meat voluntarily. There is some subset of people who are willing to make inconvenient life choices out of consideration of the lives of animals. You can convince these people to become vegans or you can convince these people to only buy ecologically sound and minimum-suffering animal products. For the sake of argument, let s call these ethical animal products, even though I know you may not agree with that label. The more people you convince to become vegans, the fewer people are buying ethical animal products. The smaller the market for ethical animal products, the less incentive there is for people selling animal products to try to do so ethically . Is that a life you would want to life?Imagine a future where some hyper-intelligent alien species has taken over basically most habitable places in the galaxy, including the most habitable places on earth. We are unable to understand nearly any of these aliens motivations or thought processes, much less their technology, and unable to offer them anything of value in terms of economic production there is nothing we can do that they, or their machines, can t do better.There are a few reserves for humans on earth where we re allowed to live wild , but these are overcrowded and have no natural resources other than sunlight and relatively poor soil all the minerals of value are extracted by the aliens.But, there is one thing we can offer them we ourselves are a delicacy, and some of the aliens at least are willing to pay a high price for the chance of consuming whatever that means -- nobody s quite sure if it s eating or something else a healthy 30-year-old human.These aliens aren t ethical enough to let us spread throughout the galaxy on our own terms but they are ethical enough not to do anything we haven t consented to.So there s always an open offer, available between the ages of 12 and 18, to any human to stay in one of the human reserves , or enter the cattle program. If you re on the cattle program, you have freedom of movement through many places in the galaxy. Your health is taken care of, and there are lots of opportunities to socialize with other humans, to learn from them, to express art or music or whatever but, the vast majority of you will, at the age of 30, be quickly killed and consumed by the aliens.Particularly healthy men may be allowed to live longer for captive breeding programs if they consent to do so and many women will have the option to enter a captive breeding program as well, in which they bear children every two or three years until they re 40.Children raised in the captive breeding program are also given the option, between 12 and 18, of going to the human reserve to live out their life there as well as they can.So, here s the question You re about to turn 18. Life in a human reserve is little better than stone age, since there are no natural resources upon which to build technology. Do you live out your 50 or 60 years average life expectancy without advanced health care in the freedom of a stone age society? Or do you travel the galaxy, having advanced technology and medical care, until you re 30?Of course some people would chose to live in freedom but I m pretty sure there would be a pretty big uptake for being eaten.I m pretty sure cows, if they could be made to understand the proposition would be the same way. A handful would prefer to live in the wild, getting their own food, having no health care or shelter or protection from predators but most would probably choose the life of free-range cattle, ending in death.
I agree with the general point you are making here. But you appear to assume that the way to fix it is more government bureaucracy and regulation. I think the way to fix it is less government bureaucracy and regulation. Government bureaucracy and regulation is as bloated as it is because the rich set it up that way. Those regulations benefit them, not you and me. They want society to be set up that way, so that creating wealth requires navigating a complex maze that only they know how to navigate. The only way to fix that is to get rid of the maze.
Sorry for the copypasta, but this actually moved me. I really didn t learn about these things You learned about Helen Keller instead of W.E.B. DuBois You learned about the Watts and L.A. Riots, but not Tulsa or Wilmington. You learned that George Washington s dentures were made from wood, rather than the teeth from slaves. You learned about black ghettos, but not about Black Wall Street.More truly insidious how systematic this is in our lives.
Wasn t this possible already? Put a breakpoint or breakpoint on the function body s first line and it will pause execution when the function is called synchronously or asynchronously. And browse the call stack on the right column. What s new here? I have been doing this for quite sometime.
What s the argument for this exactly? Most of what I ve heard about keto diets involves leaving blood sugar levels dangerously low for long periods of time by forcing your body into its weird starvation mode. That maybe sounds like something that could help with cancer because of its relationship with metabolism but the whole thing sounds like a stretch to me.On the other hand those are all feelings and I m not trained in medicine.
There s many ways to slow global warming. Is replacing power production with nuclear really humanity s best first to-go in slowing global warming? I would have thought not.
Two main differences for who comes from vim in my opinion 1 Editing model based on multiple selections. Instead of moving around and issuing verbs on objects, as in vim, you are always selecting something and the command delete, change, yank and so on comes afterwards.It may not seem very different from vim, but the huge advantage is the feedback that you get from the editor.2 Scripting kakoune is totally different from scripting vim and somewhat harder. If you need something in vim, you write your vim script and that s it. You can t do this in kakoune because the editor language is not a programming language, but only allows you to communicate with the system.This is the reason why POSIX is a hard dependency, every script in kakoune usually relies on POSIX binutils to do things.I ve been learning to use UNIX more since I ve started to use kakoune.
At a previous job I also made that switch. We already were running Xen Orchestra, so the offering of XCP-ng was a blessing. Later on we replaced XenApp with a default Microsoft set-up as that worked just as well.Took a trip down to memory lane and found this recent post which is very recognizable How Citrix dropped the ball on Xen ... according to Citrix
I think it s unrealistic to believe we can get the whole planet to reduce CO2 emissionWhy?The problem with fossil fuels - especially coal, isn t just CO2 , it s all the ash that is killing people.The problems with oil extraction isn t just the CO2 at the end, it s all the crude and junk stuff going bunker oil , and the political power of the oil lobby, and how dictatorships are financed by these resources.Sure, these are the factors that make it hard to change, even locally , within the US. cyclonesYes, and just estimate the cost of a lot more cyclones. It turns out to be a lot more than switching to non-fossil stuff. And that s why a lot of people think that it s not rational to try to continue the consumption of fossil fuels in a way that leads to CO2 emissions .
I could never get started with Noir. I know that a lot of people use it, but it was never a good fit for me and I ended up using Compojure libraries.That said, I have been using bits and pieces of code from Noir - like the jcrypt bits - for a good while longer than lib-noir has existed, and Noir provided a wonderful resource for learning how certain types of things could be done so I m sad to see it go.Finally, I think the Clojure ecosystem really does need something else web framework-wise. I know a lot of people talk about how Clojure is a language of libraries and micro-libraries, and not a language of frameworks, but I think frameworks would go a long way towards speeding up and making more pleasant repetitive projects like web design. Re-gluing libraries together for every project gets tiring, and I think frameworks would help with this.There was a talk I watched a while back about selling Clojure to enterprise Neal Ford, maybe? and one of the points was that appealing to the people who are consumed with getting stuff done ie Delphi and Rails types is a good way to spread a language because those people tend to leave a trail of projects behind them.I don t think that Clojure has any frameworks that would appeal to these types of people others might disagree . I m not saying that Clojure s libraries are bad many are quite good , just that they re not designed to get a project up and running as soon as possible. Up and running fast is a good option to have.
If we re being honest with ourselves blocking major trade routes has at least as much economic impact, though it s harder to see measure.
I think it s more that the startup scene in SV is much smaller than say working from some random company throughout the United States or the world at large. I can see that reputation and being known by name could be a reality in startups for sure. Outside of that? I would be completely floored if anyone knew me just from the random jobs I ve had across multiple industries that write software for internal external use.
For me, it was always a pancake wrapped around a breakfast sausage.Took me about 20 years to learn that it wasn t the most common definition. It was just something served by the breakfast place my parents took me when I was little.
Same. Know a handful of ppl making well into 6 figures a year selling on StockX.
Kagi has features to allow you to set some parameters around your searches like setting certain sites as favored or less common in your searches. There s a bunch there I ve never used but I m guessing that s what the CTA is referring to might be wrong though
It s the job of the person making the claim to provide the evidence for their claim, not the job of the listener to provide counter-evidence.
oops so something - or something
I mean it depends, is number of possible answears per prompt known? If so, can we even realistically calculate number of possible prompts? AFAIK ChatGPT answears even tho there is a gramatical mistake in your sentence, does that affect answears is that considered a new prompt? Ok, let s say you feed all N possible answears in and make a rainbow table of hashes. Sha is basically random not really, but lets not go there , after I generate my text using AI which would get flagged by your detection system and change few letters words here and there, your whole Sha rainbow table becomes useless - right? I could be totally wrong, but I don t see Sha as a way to solve this problem, because of these complications
That is one thing unions specifically address... work rules . What can, and cannot, be automated.It does require the union to have the upper hand in the first place in order to get a company management to sign a union contract with restrictions like that.However, for this particular story, it makes no sense, because the union only has leverage with their employer, not with the big name companies that have chosen their employer as the provider of the service. The big name companies would just switch to a new provider if they didn t like what was happening.
only if you ignore why it s more expensive to live in NYC. it s more expensive because it s more desirable to live in NYC than Peoria. waterfront property is also more expensive than similar inland properties. the water doesn t locally inflate the dollar it s a feature that people pay extra for.if you accept that the real value of a dollar is less in NYC, you also have to accept weird consequences like a CPU from amazon is worth less there as well.
You re ignoring what I said. It s one thing to draw in a similar style, it s another to market it as a style using someone else s name and portfolio to get clout.
Seriously. Change the damn title.
Agreed on all points, and yeah. Veritasium was more alright a while back, but they ve gone WAY off the deep end nowadays. Beyond merely no longer interested in their content , I think they might be actively damaging at this point.
The twitter account is quite a bit crazier than the personal website.EDIT not that there s anything wrong with that per se.
Honest and non-rhetorical question here Have any of your customers had an e-mail they ve tried to send not arrive because the recipient s system was using a black-hole list that, for some erroneous reason, had you blocked? If so, were you able to successfully communicate with and or reasonably work through whatever issue got you black-holed?I haven t administered e-mail servers for 20 years, but back when I did, this started to be a problem that eventually became insurmountable. I used to manage a small business oriented ISP. We were multi-homed with a 18 that we used for everything. I had a customer that was a reasonably sized organization that dealt with tourism and conventions for a major city. On one of their websites, which we hosted with IPs that came out of the same 18 as their mail server, they had a directory of vendors who were associated with them. ONE of those members had a website that had been hacked defaced. This got our entire 18 on a blac-khole list. They had an employee that was trying to send e-mail to someone on a system that was using this black-hole server to filter spam.When we explained to them what the problem was, we got glassy-eyed stares back at us and a, just fix it. I told them that, they would need to remove the link to their partner s site from their website in order to get them AND all of our other customers using numbers inside our 18 de-listed from this particular black-hole. They asked, We have hundreds of partners who pay for membership in our organization and being listed on our website is one of the benefits. How can we possibly police every one of those websites every day to make sure there s no defacement or serving of any problematic material from any URL in any of those domains? That s a decent argument in my opinion. And I tried to explain that different black-holes have different policies and no black-hole is demanding that anyone use their system for filtering. I tired contacting the organization that was using that black-hole to explain the situation to them, but they weren t interested in discussing it. As far as they were concerned it was our problem to deal with.This kind of problem happened dozens of times with varying degrees of severity but with increasing regularity and it was one of the primary reasons we quit hosting e-mail and started re-selling another vendor s solution. That was a long time ago, and maybe black-hole lists aren t a thing anymore.
There is a looming issue Ms. Stecher sees in the future Her husband, who is 39, loves video games and thinks they can be educational and entertaining. She does not.I m still peeved so many people hate video games categorically. Age of Empires Civilization got me into history as a kid and I checked out dozens of books as a result. Plus, the reason I ended up wanting to learn more about computers was to make games myself.
That s a valid hypothesis, and I think there are some counter examples to your claim, certainly. GPUs are a great example of a manufactured good that encountered an enormous supply chain disruption event, inflated massively, and then now that the supply chain disruption event is over, deflated massively.
I really like gridforms for dense data-entry forms
In my experience, this is pretty far from true. I ve worked with developers who tried to cover all of these skill sets and instead of being good developers they end up being pretty shallow generalists. Research is a zero sum game and picking everything just means you have small amounts of surface knowledge for many topics instead of deep knowledge of a few.
This is almost as embarrassing as data centers in space getting funded. lol.
Unfair I might concede but not naive. I ve been doing circuit development for a long time. I also have a challenge with copied for pennies. Software you can copy for pennies but hardware really does require some tooling which is not pennies .There is a market for soft test equipment. The amount of margin available in that market it something worth debating. I ve got a USB oscilloscope that has proprietary software that only works on Windows XP, I ve got a Tek475 oscilloscope with similar specs from 1981 that works on anything. They both cost about the same amount just under 300 The point for me at least is that the softness of test equipment, where it relies on a third party OS computer to work has a negative value coefficient. I know that at some point its going to be worthless, unlike the Tek scope which, as long as it can be calibrated, will have intrinsic value.That is what I like about the SUMP based designs that DP did. They took the risk away by publishing all their source and letting me decide if I m willing to do the work or hire someone to do the work of keeping the test gear running on my current hardware. I get tired of the Atmel based digital o scopes but eventually we ll get a decent open source front end and then all bets will be off in terms of being able to make something useful, and more important to me durable. I d like my test gear to have an expected 20 - 30 year lifespan, it isn t like the test problems change.
There are plenty of things that are safe to eat drink that I wouldn t personally eat drink. Hell, I order my pizzas without tomato sauce.I m not versed on RoundUp s safety, so I ll leave that for others to discuss. I m just saying that sort of stunt doesn t provide any evidence in either direction.For example On October 30, 1924, Midgley participated in a press conference to demonstrate the apparent safety of TEL. In this demonstration, he poured TEL over his hands, then placed a bottle of the chemical under his nose and inhaled its vapor for sixty seconds, declaring that he could do this every day without succumbing to any problems whatsoever. However, the State of New Jersey ordered the Bayway plant to be closed a few days later, and Jersey Standard was forbidden to manufacture TEL there again without state permission. Midgley would later have to take leave of absence from work after being diagnosed with lead poisoning.
There are plenty of good domain names you can build into great brand names once you build an awesome service. You could pick up a potentially awesome domain name right now for only 4.95 at NetFirms. Just use promo code PROMO495. And no I am not affiliated with NetFirms in any way. Just thought I would help.
If you are looking for classic books why don t you go to Project Guttenberg? They have many most? classic books in many different formats.I m not sure that a publisher should still be getting money out of a work that was published over 100 years ago.
I think another analogy can be better.Imagine I want to fly somewhere, plane is half empty, I am going there and sitting. Don t have ticket. Imagining no enforcement Should I? Eventually this plane will fly there, my effect on cost is ignorable, I will be better, airline will not be worse.
totalitarianism is about control of the state over all aspects of the citizens livesThe Roman Empire had no compunction about interfering in any aspect of citizens lives. If it engaged in less interference in practice than many modern regimes, that was simply because there was far less for it to interfere with. Consider the education system in modern times, education is near-universal, and so regimes seek to control the education system in order to influence the thoughts of the mass of the population. If the Roman Empire had universal schooling, it is near-certain that the imperial government would have done the very same. But, it didn t the bulk of the population was illiterate and uneducated, while fee-paying private schools served the children of the affluent. The government never sought to regulate those schools, simply because it did not see any point in doing so. Why should the state care about the school curriculum when 95 of children never went to school, and the most of the 5 who did would have been children of regime insiders anyway?Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union both subordinated all civil society organisations to state control. What did the Roman Empire do? Well, civil society as understood today largely didn t exist in ancient times. There were few formal civil society institutions, and those few which did exist were generally religious in character, attached to Temples Churches etc. And the Roman state heavily interfered with religious institutions in the pre-Christian period, major Pagan temples were generally government-owned and with state-appointed clergy. If anything, the adoption of Christianity as a state religion saw a modest decline in government control of religion, simply because Christianity had an organised clergy not under direct state control, whereas the Pagan clergy were far less organised and hence far more amenable to direct state interference.Fascist Italy was a different situation again Mussolini sought to subordinate all civil society to the state just as the Nazis and Soviets had done, but was forced to compromise with the Catholic Church and permit it to retain its own independent Church-sponsored civil society organisations, which functioned as alternatives and competitors to the state-sponsored ones. Italian citizens had a freedom to choose between two competing ideologies Fascism and Catholicism a relatively narrow freedom, but nonetheless one which was denied to those ruled by the Nazis or Soviets. The military was another area in which Mussolini failed to implement totalitarianism Nazi soldiers swore allegiance to Hitler, Soviet soldiers swore allegiance to the Soviet State, but Italian soldiers swore allegiance, not to Mussolini, but rather to King Victor Emmanuel III. As a result, many royalist monarchist opponents of Fascism found a refuge and power base within the Italian military nothing parallel could be said about the Wehrmacht or Red Army.Comparing Fascist Italy, Nazi Germany, and the Soviet Union, I think it can be argued that only the last was complete totalitarianism, whereas the former were less than fully total . In the Soviet Union, the economic sphere was fully subordinated to the state with private enterprise, private property and private wealth severely restricted if not abolished entirely . By contrast, Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany allowed private enterprise and property to continue to exist, and both regimes permitted the wealthy to keep the bulk of their private wealth, provided they did not politically oppose the regime, and were not members of persecuted minorities. While both regimes did interfere with the operation of private businesses to a degree, they never sought the complete state control of business decision-making which existed in the Soviet Union. In totalitarian state people are typically oppressed based on the laws of the state driven by ideology, not because of the whims of the ruler. The whims of the ruler if happen, like in case of Stalin, come in addition to the totalitarian state oppression and don t change the nature of the state,Why does it matter whether one s oppression is driven by ideology or whim ? I can t see why this is an important distinction. And it seems rather orthogonal to the question of whether the state has total control over society. One regime might be highly ideological yet with significant spheres of society maintaining independence from state control another regime might be founded on personal whim and the ruler s megalomania rather than any coherent ideology, and yet subject every aspect of life to those whims. and may naturally disappear with the death of the ruler while the totalitarian state would continue its existence.Historically, many absolute monarchies have had no particular ideology, yet saw a succession of absolute rulers lasting centuries, as the role of absolute ruler is successively passed from father to son. The particularities of whim may change with each generation, but it is still whim and sons likely inherit much of their whims from their fathers. Looking at pre-20th century history the closest to totalitarianism would be the Church s tight control over all aspects of the people lives in the Middle AgesI think the mediaeval Catholic Church was actually far weaker than many people today think it was. It did not exert much control over the average person s life at all many mediaeval clerics bemoaned that the majority of the population rarely went to church, and often acted quite disrespectfully on the occasions they did, indulged in widespread drunkenness, promiscuity, unmarried cohabitation, adultery, prostitution, etc, and that the government mostly didn t care. Even within the Catholic Church itself very many celibate clergy had mistresses and illegitimate children including bishops, cardinals, even Popes homosexual activity was widespread in many monasteries which while a capital offence, few were actually prosecuted generally only the indiscreet, unlucky, or those who had made powerful enemies. Many viewed religion as a fitting subject for mockery, and got away with it far more often than most today would think they did. Those who sought to establish a competing religious ideology to the Church s frequently faced execution, but those who decided to just ignore it all and quietly live their lives as they saw fit were largely free to do so.
Someone is threatening you with an attorney, you absolutely must speak with an attorney to have a fair chance.There are some really bad answers in here. The way you handle this situation will decide your fate, you need to speak with someone who has the expertise to explain to you what your options are and what potential consequences each will have.Since money is a problem you may want to follow this up with a question like Ask HN Does anyone know a patent attorney that will help me pro bono?
Because it is more expensive to borrow money. Think of it like this, if it costs 1 to borrow money and you can use it to generate a 4 return with a less than efficient operation, the equation makes sense. However when that money is now 4 to borrow, you are forced to increase the efficiency of the operation or shut it down completely.
See Iran
Aside I love independent blogs like this where the author is so passionate about a very particular topic. The enthusiasm radiates through their posts and gets one really excited about the subject. This blog in particular reminds me of due to its focus on travel and transit, with slightly less detail and specificity. I wish there were a way to more easily discover these.
A section on testing would definitely be a great addition.
Technically qualified immunity does not shield officers from prosecution it only stops them from being sued.So a pretty reasonable question you d ask in the rest of the world is Why aren t these cops prosecuted for excessive violence? The use of civil rights lawsuits in the US was a workaround for an already broken legal system that doesn t punish wrong doing by certain people.
Another idea make the username the primary key and dispense with the id column. Username will not be changeable, but I think that is a rare case anyway.
I used to work for a company that ran a vertical search engine products shopping . Search results were essentially results for ads. One of the engineers demoed a project where you change the weighting of relevancy and yield in the results. The internal complaints of bad results were mostly explained by yield optimization.The company died when Google started removing aggregators like this from its results the Panda update and doing product ads, itself.
Sure, the reach and scale is much bigger. But I still don t see how that distinguishes an influencer from a celebrity.We ve had celebrities since before electricity. The reach and scale of print was greater than word of mouth, the reach and scale of radio was greater than print, the reach and scale of TV was greater than radio. The internet is just another expansion of scope, but it s the same culture underneath. Never before have we felt the need to come up with a new word for celebrity.You could have argued at one point that the internet gives everyone an equal chance to become famous and influential. But even that is less true every day as agencies are increasingly required to stand out in an increasingly saturated market.I strongly dispute that celebrities need talent to get noticed too. That s never been true.
Do other markets not buy from the Play Store? Or rather, if they don t, how would you sell your app to them anyway? It is nonsense to develop a for-profit app tailored to people who can t buy it.
I write R daily and have always used for convenience. I can count on 0 hands how many times that has affected me. - has its uses though!
The best version of Heinz is actually one marketed specifically for not having artificial sweetners tastes better better better, not healthy better than the normal stuff and drops the HFCS
By not allowing v8, we are least have some hedge against a hegemony. I like Apple over Google for many reasons, and would like to see Googles extremely hostile actions towards the web curtailed. I ll take the trade off. I d be less happy actually as a consumer if they allowed third party browser engines.Similar deal with WebKit. At 15 marketshare between mobile and desktop followed with Gecko at 5 , it s the only real holdout against Chromium domination. If browser engines were opened up on iOS, you can bet anything that Google is going to go bananas with marketing Chromium-based Chrome for iOS and web devs will happily back those efforts, pushing most or all of that 15 over into Google s lap. At that point Mozilla will have an even more difficult time holding on as an increasing number of devs only develop against Chromium.
Aristotle had more or less the same observation.
Nice, feels like Windows File Explorer D
Second this. I m amazed by the lack of any Django admin interface to start a task or see how it failed, it seems like such an obvious use case. I ve tried Celery Flower but I found it lacking. I m surprised because it seems like such a common use case, and given the size of the Django community I would ve expected something to exist
With proper headphones, mic and a higher bitrate it is superior to phonecalls
This is the main problem that keeps me from wanting to set up less technical family members on Ubuntu. It s possible to get in a spot where even a simple command won t solve this.
The people use things uncritically all the time. Many people don t even read past a headline. Someone who won t check their source on a search headline won t check the source on anything else they read on the internet either, which is rife with incorrect information either accidentally or intentionally .
Really cool!Some small feedback The code in the Test it in the Console section is missing s, so you can t actually copy paste it as is now. The demo on the homepage suggests that there s some magic dynamic stuff happening in the email, which makes the actual email a bit of a letdown though this is understandable
That is such a clich e line, yet the link between taxes and spending is not as direct as most would have you think. Re fiat money
Ah, I see why you disagree if I d read to the end of the article I would have seen that you are trying to push your own fad diet. Whipped cream for dinner? No thanks. 1 People overeat because they ve developed habits and routines over years or decades that allow them to do so. Permanent weight loss is all about breaking those habits and changing routines so that overeating isn t normal anymore. 1 You list a daily caloric intake of 2300 calories for your fad diet, which is a normal amount and a good number to aim for. Weight loss will be slow, but slow and consistent is good, as you ve discovered.
Re commentary 1, it is due to websites being hosted on ever changing IPs such as with AWS and GCP allowing them to fire up additional resources easily, or using a fronting load balancer, or even a DDOS protection tool like CloudFront. In these cases only the domain name is known in advance by the intercepting firewall. It can t get this info via reverse lookup on the requested destination IP nor should it reverse dns doesn t always work and performance doing this for every connection would be bad .I ve also looked at other options, like dns based firewall rules that are populated by the firewall also being the local dns server and so is able to see the resolved IP s , but if those IPs are to CloudFront etc then it would be granting access to everything else also hosted by CloudFront etc.TLS SNI is the only way of knowing where the client is trying to reach short of the expensive and difficult to deploy explicit non-transparent HTTPS proxy.Re commentary 2, since all the TLS traffic is going through the proxy, the original request and any subsequent requests would go to the same IP each time.
It was also super cool to see the employee reaction. There aren t that many situations in business that warrant such a reaction.It s amazing to me how much power SpaceX has to both re-activate so comparatively soon after a failure and to delay the launch by a day solely for its own purposes perhaps it s launch client gets a discount? .
As someone who s been at the receiving end of attempted teaching sessions which occured because the self-appointed teachers overestimated their own knowledge, underestimated mine and never bothered finding out what I knew , I can only say that the best programmers do not try to teach, but will gladly share what they know when asked.
video is down
New York seems in the range I thought it would. Bonuses and stock aren t factored in, as someone mentioned. I imagine they might not over that type of thing, though.
Because some people want to do more than keep a couple chat windows open at once? Anyways, which antivirus is flagging this?
Javascript and PHP, mainly.
One thing I wish I had discovered earlier is that some devs from Google released the sources for a Google I O app for the last two years, and that reading that code teaches you a lot of how to design a good app.The Google I O app uses and sometimes introduces many useful patterns in UI design and Architecture design. It scales to all kind of screen sizes, hardware configurations and platform versions.Here is a link to a resource page for the Android Developer Lab in Paris. You can find links to Google I O 2011 and two other examples there. and also
It looks nice. I m not sure how much customization LaunchRock gives you with text width, etc., but it seems a bit wordy, without actually telling me too much.I read the initial headers in the black boxes, and become curious - how does it let me sell without doing anything. So many a quick 1, 2, 3, numbered steps instead of paragraph text would work better? Hope this helps.
I tried leaving Dilbert cartoons around. People don t recognise themselves, even though everyone else can see it clear as day.
I d argue it has always been known that masks would protect both patients and wearers even from first principles and also how past pandemics with a less infectious virus were handled in Asia and from how common cold and flu dropped as a side effect.The virus spreads via droplets exhaled or emitted from nose and mouth. What happens when something obstructs that flow - the of droplets going in out velocity decreases and likelihood of transmission reduces. Why do you think surgeons wear masks - it s both to protect the patient and the surgeon from droplet borne infections.What was unknown was whether it was economical to wear masks widely and whether there were supplies, not that it would work.
My only encounter with Startpage was when it mysteriously showed up on my parents computer as a self-resetting default and I had to clean it off for them. If Startpage is legit, they need to maintain much better control of their affiliate campaign to prevent the use of malware to drive affiliate revenue.
it s a thing. companies are responsible for employees health insurance as well, so they d rather not have someone who actually uses that a lot.
Python is a bit clumsy by default when the primary purpose is to run other programs. But, it is easy to write a run wrapper function that works more like a shell. There are modules like sh as well to smooth over the bumps.
As in this, currently no-MMU SuperH hardware
In my younger days, it bothered me that maintenance should be so spelled, since after all it it is related to maintain . I got over it, apparently, for I hadn t thought of that in years.
I ve seen some pushback that a lot of hard-to-diagnose chronic syndromes are now being deemed long covid. My assumption is that at least some of this is happening as it s the trendiest disease of the moment. Not to say there aren t a lot of people with clear-cut long covid syndromes.
I ve had a look and wasn t able to get it to work yet, imports can be bit iffy usually anything that exposes ES modules or puts variables on the window object work fine.It looks like the reason it doesn t work here is because it relies on this being the window object. To make top-level await possible your code gets wrapped into a function, and in there this no longer points to the window. I am sure a workaround is possible, I ll make a ticket on github.
No of course not, and I m smart enough to know the basic formula. But to simplify a lifelong struggle down to simple math is kinda disrespectful to all those struggling.
in what universe sacrificing child s education even if the child is from wealthy family leads to some greater good. It is a lose-lose proposition for everyone.
It s not even true in general that you can write in anyone you want. Many jurisdictions require write-in candidates to register themselves, and write-ins with any other name or text are invalid ballots.
A long-range spacecraft would probably not have LH2 on board. It evaporates quite quickly unless you want to install cryo cooling systems and the power to run them.
Not only are there privacy implications in terms of what the vehicles will be transmitting locally, vehicles also need to have a network connection as well to receive new certificates and certificate revocations Under the proposal, each message will be digitally signed. Each car will be provisioned with 20 certificates and corresponding secret keys per week, and will cycle through these certificates during the week, using each one for five minutes at a time. Certificates will be revocable revocation is meant to guard against incorrect malicious or erroneous information in the broadcast messages, though there is no concrete proposal for how to detect such incorrect information. This regulation will force all cars to be connected cars, and being connected comes with its own security and privacy implications.
starts at 400k? where do you get that number? I can imagine a director 3 type position, which would be true for most fields. But interviewing, talking with recruiters, and looking at salaries on glass door, facebook pays a median 130k. Amazon pays closer to the 100k side with a maximum of 165k, an absolute ceiling that shall not be passed. There is stock, but even being equal to base, still no where near a starting 400k
re military mission never using the size, there could always have been classified payload launches that ended up using it.
He d only need to sue for damages because they violated reasonable self-quarantine principles and put him and others at risk - not force the state to actually quarantine them.And he could definitely sue. USA!
This one is based on yours, which is quite elegant, and the total payload is only 115B
It s much more simple than that - vast majority of the world has become rich or richer by using more energy almost a tautology , and vast majority of energy is produced from fossil fuels. Fossil fuels are still for the most part the simplest, technologically, energy source with the fastest payoff.To get the world even to European per-capita energy usage levels, current energy production would have to be expanded 3x 1 You just have to convince a few billion and their leaders that they should remain in relative poverty for a few more decades, waiting for solar wind nuclear to ramp up to several times the entire current energy production. Heck, the energy production needs to expand just to bring everyone to Chinese levels, and then you would not only need to set a forever-ceiling for the above billions, but also convince a billion or so Americans Europeans ... to become poor.If you can t convince people to stay or become poor voluntarily, they are going to need energy. Surprise, some people are eager to sell them this energy. But it s the demand that drives the supply. 1
pay attention to the date and which is the current status
Interesting point about the 2nd amendment. With that in mind I d have to agree then that civilians should be able to employ facial recognition tech against the government.The real question though is if that is a tenable strategy in the long term. Like that hatebreed song goes, fight fire with fire and you ll see everyone is burning
The people I know who are waiting on getting the vaccine are fine with having the same lockdown type precautions. Wearing masks, not seeing people as frequently, less travel, working remotely, etc. The people I know who are cautious with getting the vaccine are below 50. So, they ll have to wait a while anyway. Most of us are not like... wait years for effects to emerge. More like 6-12 months after initial rollout.I m one of those people. I m fine with still being remote and wearing a mask when in stores or whatever. I m not going to go to any dances anytime soon even if I had the shot anyway. Effectiveness isn t 100 after all. Is there an easy way to tell if you re immune after without any risk? That d be nice...
Where s the boundary between boilerplate and framework?I think people have hard times pronouncing framework these days, because it sounds offending in terms of learning curve. Why would you spend X amount of days to learn a framework, when you can spend that time learning about the core technologies and make yourself no-dead-code code base? That s why I dislike frameworks.With React-boilerplate, having a CLI tool that helps you modify the boilerplate I think we are getting more or less to the framework definition.In any case I ve never used a boilerplate without having to use rm command after installing it. That s why I dislike boilerplates and avoid them.
Hah, love it
Which they re not making any more, which suggests there isn t enough of a market to sustain it.
I think regulating the internet, as you put it, is a different case than regulating these companies.Facebook etc are more akin to broadcasters in terms of sharing ideas than they are akin to a telecom company offering communications infrastructure.It s not difficult to create a website to share the same ideas. In fact, it s already done.Openness is already there. Otherwise I agree.
Summary here a single judge in Waco the only one in that district made himself known as friendly to patent trolls. So, at one time, he was hearing something near 40 of patent cases in the nation.
If that s your impression, then I d suggest Python is used for more than you re currently aware of. Here are two examples of Python being used for low level stuff
Here her also to learn css to complete the trinity.
Why are the videos always done in perfect conditions? I like drive.ai s approach a lot more where they demonstrated the capabilities at night and in heavy rain. It s much more impressive.
This has been true of all media since the dawn of media. Youtube has nothing to do with it
Yes, mostly that. Depending on local policy, it might be possible to upgrade only signed firmware from the correct vendor without authenticating. Downgrade always requires authentication for obvious reasons. Most firmware requires you to be root some even CAP_SYS_ADMIN to just enumerate the hardware and read the firmware version.The other main reasons is that some hardware is really, really slow like 8 seconds to query a dock PD version, or 12 seconds to query a thunderbolt retimer version and you can t really build a GUI that can do firmware update operations with potentially minutes of delay for each action. Also, cache invalidation is hard if you can t see the device uevents and usb hotplug events.
number of people posting on FB is not the same as the total FB users
This article operates under the very incorrect assumption that paid services never shut down and free services are never carried on by their purchasers. No, it operates under the very correct assumption that paid services are MUCH LESS common to shut down. I shudder every f n time someone doesn t understand a generalization, and thinks that a few counter arguments disprove a statistical rule . See Flickr or YouTube or PayPal or Skype or Picnik or Grand Central or Picasa or Siri or mySpace or FriendFeed or FeedBurner or even pinboard s biggest competitor Delicious for examples of the latter. He is not saying that free services are never carried on by their purchasers , he is saying that free services with no monetization model are in most cases not carried on by their purchasers.Not familiar with all of them, but Flickr, Paypal and Skype, all have ways of making money and paid accounts. And Youtube has ads too don t know about Picassa .
I have written a paper on this recently viewing transformers as Hopf algebras This paper is very relevant
Too true, unfortunately. Also, sick patients are more profitable than cured ones. Preventative medicine is less profitable than treating a developed disease, etc etc etc.The profit incentives in health care are perverse and misaligned, and in many cases delaying healing is more profitable than healing. This is why we need more world-wide government funding of research in curing and preventing diseases.If hypothetically a mixture of apple juice and turpentine were to cure COVID, we may never discover that, because 1 such a mixture would be extremely cheap and easy to make at home, and not really patentable, and therefore unprofitable, and 2 there may never be enough government medical research funding to discover it.
Too many people think they can write memory safe code when they can t, and they can t because they re human beings, and humans cannot write correct C. Then, when you point out that programs written in some languages are immune to entire classes of vulnerability, these people write things like this Memory safeness is just an illusionWe re not going to make any progress as an industry until we stop indulging people who think C is cool.
Just to let you know that your feature section is really bad I was really interested in knowing what you offer best, but I lost track of the ones I already clicked and.. it s boring to click so much.Sometimes a scrolling page just works
Some say that the golden age of naval idiocy has gone away forever, fortunately these people are wrong.
I just call it the step . It s not always clear when a child is sent to the step whether they re guilty yet.
what are the for?I couldn t figure out how to get started until I read someone in the comments suggest to make them optional.
Do many apps have support for custom skins? I ve never heard of any of them doing that, but it seems like it would be an awesome feature to be able to customize the UI.If someone made a music player app that could use existing Winamp skins that would be really cool. If nothing else you ve get a lot of nostalgia installs. Also, do sites like Spotify and Pandora have APIs that allow other apps to integrate with their service? If you could integrate the Winamp playlist with different streaming services you would have a cool and useful music player. I don t even buy apps, but I would probably pay a couple bucks for something like that.
Fossil fuels work if you want a big chunk of life on earth, and possibly humanity, to join them.
I believe it s relevant if you want to convince othersYou didn t address my point. Anyone who believes being broad is a bad thing is making my own case for me, to me. You can either believe that it s okay for podcast to be a broad term, or you can believe that whether or not show is too broad is irrelevant. You can t have both. But you also said twice call it what it is That was an error in editing.I said it s fine to call it streaming. And which is something that people already say, except people refuse to label themselves that way when trying to present themselves as being serious, because podcast has cachet and stream invites people to laugh at you and say OK, zoomer .All podcasters are streamers. Not all streams are podcasts. Spotify s, for example, are not.
Damn, I attended one of your Raspberry Pi workshops in Mount Kuring-gai about 3 years ago.Unless I m completely mistaken, who knows.
Since the information is encoded in model weights, I doubt that erasure is even possible. Only post-retrieval filtering would be an option.It only goes to show that intransparent black-box models have no place in the industry. The networks leak information left and right, because it s way too easy to just crawl the web and throw terabytes of unfiltered data at the training process.
I don t think current trends indicate hard paywalls as the future. Instead, it looks like news organizations are going to publish exclusively into walled gardens like FB.
Source?
Sounds like clear bs.
The problem is - they are keeping adding unnecessary stuff to just keep going, regardless of whether it is better, rational or not.All those replacement of classic shell-script-based start-up tools, adding countless managers and buses and services and settings daemons just makes the whole thing worse.It is like MS or SAP - keep producing bigger and bigger bloatware until there are no more suckers to buy it.Piling up meaningless stuff is not just a Linux distro problem. It is also in languages look at CL or R6RS and libraries. Almost everywhere, especially in non-CS world. The more sane approach is, surprise! of BSD systems. They have an OS and a system of packages made out of ports of OSS software. They keep the core OS stable, sane, and without unnecessary, unreasonable changes. CenOS also has some additional repositories, but it is basically a polished Fedora anyway.
The science direct link isn t working for me.But here s the problem as I see it. Parkinsons has an occurrence rate in the population of 0.1 . If there are conditions which cause the same smells as Parkinsons and they are more common in the population 1 , 5 , 10 then this test all the sudden becomes very not useful because even at 1 occurrence rate in the population it s already 10x more likely that you have that condition rather than Parkinsons. That s the confounding problem. And a different comment here pointed out there are conditions that also seem to have exhibited the same smells.Who knows, perhaps this is still worth it, but for an n 30 study, this is basically nothing to consider. The group size is simply way too small.BTW, Medical media reporters really should have a No reporting on studies with n 500 rule. These sensational studies are always preliminary on really low population groups. I d love to see the meta analysis to know how many studies it s lumped in and how big those are, though.
All the King s Men by Robert Penn Warren.
was just wondering if anyone that looks like ME has EVER made itAssuming that there might be something unattractive about being black -- a big assumption but one I m willing to play along with for purposes of this thread -- how about fat people? Old people? People who don t live in cities? People who didn t go to an ivory league college? Conservatives? People who have physical defects?On a few occasions, it s been stated that basically you need to look cute , serious , or various other quasi-bullshit phrases. It s a logical follow-up question to start asking about exactly which attributes people find attractive.But I m not sure what difference it makes. If your startup depends on YC, they probably don t want you. It s like the old thing about only asking for a loan when you don t need the money.While you can count up various attributes and report on them, that s a long way from a causal relationship. Maybe no black people applied. Maybe there were only 2 black people that applied, but they were both joke applications. There s simply no useful information you can gather from a count. At least not that I can see. Perhaps you can develop a suspicion that the odds are stacked against you, but if you re looking for reasons to think the odds are stacked against you, hell, just go look at the stats for startups in general. No need to add anything else in there.I guess I just don t understand your point. It doesn t seem very productive, no matter what the answer is.
Ultra-low latency is important, but zero packet loss and low jitter is even more important.I have on paper great internet in the SF Bay Area Monkeybrains , and while I can get 600mpbs symmetrical throughput, the jitter and 0.5 average packet loss it s a microwave mesh network , game streaming is completely unplayable.
Ah you mean the Torry plan to bring back the 11 plus and ship off poor kids to dumbed down Modern Apprenticeships so they can stack shelves at safeway.
And I only use security vulnerabilities as an example - the next thing we re all not thinking about might be power consumption, or creating AI paradoxes, or whatever. But we re definitely not thinking about it, and no-ones going to be proving it.I don t think you have to be thinking about it. Every time some new class of vulnerabilities has arisen, e.g. SQL injection, it just hasn t affected well-formed programs written with good tools, and certainly not verified programs. Correct programs just don t have these problems, as a side effect of being correct.
Just for a moment, substitute Microsoft with Apple. You could just as easily be describing either vendor. I believe most vendors offer a similar experience in these regards. If you know someone that doesn t follow this pattern, let me know. I had an Apple fault for months. Apple replaced my hardware but it didn t solve the issue. The problem started after a software update. After months of anguish and hardware change disruption, Apple fixed the software bug.. Despite most people suspecting it was software. Apple s support was crap. Microsoft s support for my disabled USB ports under Windows 8 was no better - reinstall the OS.
It is illegal here in the UK to not decrypt. I ve always wondered how anyone could prove I knew what the key was. Would saying too late, I have a dead man s switch that tripped while I was in custody and showing that mechanism be enough?If so, I could just build a bogus mechanism.It s not really a situation one should play at
Where do I find it? Can t find it on Google.
EDITED Engineering Positions London, UK Onsite Full-TimeWe re currently hiring for front-end, back-end, data scientists and DevOps Engineers. Our stack is primarily Python JavaScript, with frameworks like Django Flask and react.js d3. We aren t afraid to integrate new tech and like to keep exploring what s out there.We re an established startup, focused on doing important things for retail, the fourth biggest industry in the world, helping them reduce waste and be more efficient. We have a beautiful web app, used everyday by hundreds of people at Topshop, Saks Fifth Avenue, GAP and more.Our engineering team is a group of smart people from really varied backgrounds. We re solving diverse and interesting problems on a daily basis, like image analysis, big data visualisation and a load of other fun things that come with having a rapidly growing data set. We love good practices like extensive testing and continuous integration, and enjoy giving back to the community, so open source contributions are highly encouraged.Our office is large and sociable people eat lunch together every day and we have drinks and snacks in the office every Friday, as well as team days out and all expenses paid trips abroad. There s a video on our jobs page of our most recent one of the team has actually found and joined us through Who s hiring , so don t hesitate to get in touch, we re always happy to meet new people!See here for more details about current vacancies and to apply directly online
This always happens when a scene subculture hits the mainstream. You could madlibs this article and get a description of every musical genre. It s sad to see what you were so passionate about appear in a diluted form, and external perception be distorted by this new image.But there always remains an underground where true innovation and passion thrives.
I thought it was great the first time I read it.Then I read I am a strange loop and am now of the opinion Hofstadter is full of shit.The description of Godel s incompleteness theorem is still excellent
Not sure if it s true, but I ve heard that Taiwan has already rigged all of TSMCs facilities with explosives specifically to deter Chinese invasion.
The downvotes is for calling panic buying selfish. You can t simultaneously tell people to stay at home for long periods of time and tell them to not stock up for that.
What do you find disappointing about it?
Their currently cheapest model is 45k so while it s true that they aren t there yet, they re closing in. And I d say building 45k vehicles today is much closer to 35k than building an eGolf with 200 km range today and claiming that you will build 25k in 2020.
If you re one of the few foolish enough to climb Denali in the winter, you can find some comfort in the countless stashes from the summer.
Indeed, still no sign of Broadcom releasing the full datasheets for RPi s SoCs... AllWinner on the other hand has been far more open with that.
Not only is the number given misleading, but the factors that contribute to that misleading number are 1 questionable, and 2 unrealistic themselves.
Another person trying to make this a Hacker News vs. Reddit thing, which still doesn t appeal to the reason sectors of my brain. Definitely not a ripoff Mashable s clearly grasping at straws again.
Anything that causes a connection or association of ideas that wouldn t have otherwise been formed holds the potential to facilitate a deeper understanding of ones self or the universe.Even in my limited experimentation with drugs, I feel as though I ve experienced thought outside the realm of regularity.
The main CCS computers are a custom 18-bit not all registers are 18 bit design from General Electric, used on both the Viking and Voyager missions. The onboard software is mostly in assembly.There s two of them.They send software updates fairly regularly including a nearly full rewrite in 1990 and this is a common question. You can find some statements in older reporting on other updates..It s in some sense not very exciting. Basically, it s an interrupt-driven system and you can, by radio command, invoke handlers that will rewrite some memory holding the program with new contents and hand control back to other routines. Of course with the expected error handling and failover protections in place. NASA got quite good at it during the Mariner missions, which saw the first remote updates for their programmable sequencers, and by the time of Viking and the CCS, it was a routine part of the requirements.There s tooling written in Fortran and later partially ported with C that supports the Earth-based team in preparing the updates.The patches discussed in the article are actually for a different type of computer in the system, the AACS Attitude and Articulation Control Subsystem . But it s similar there There s redundancy there s two and you patch memory contents, do a memory read-out to double check and kick things into gear.
That is a true statement, but what is your point?
You nut. I love absolutely everything about this.
Also, a proven intentional security vulnerability in Fortinet products would be bigger news, for multiple reasons, and make a lot of urgent work and disruption for a lot of people.Occasionally, a proven intentional vulnerability will happen, so we want to be careful not to cry wolf other times.
The truly successful bootcamp grads often have a background in an adjacent field like physics, math, or EE. The ones that can thrive after simply going through a web dev bootcamp alone without a STEM background are very very rare. The only exception that I have seen so far are some English and literature majors generally lawyers . Many people working in the legal field take easily to software engineering, an vice-versa.
The way subset of properties is being used here is loose and that s where the confusion is arising from. If we want to be a bit more rigorous Define O as a set of possible finite objects Define properties as functions P O - 0, 1 A given property then is a function of the form p o 1 for all o in O that satisfy the property p.You can use property functions to generate subsets of O o for o in O where p o 1 . The intersection of these generated subsets of multiple property functions will be strict subsets strictly smaller as O is finite of O as long as at least one property function is not of the form P o 1 for in O. Generally assuming that each property function generates strict subsets, applying more properties derives a smaller intersection set. That s all.
Amazon just little ago killed some employees to keep them working during a storm, makes people pee in a bottle, Facebook ignored and hid the burden it puts on teenagers development, and you say they re not as bad? I would say the only not as bad, despite hating it, is Apple
...coming at me faster than I can put it all on paperSo don t. - I don t know if paper was a figure-of-speech to mean some recorded format , but if it was, get yourself a cheap Chromebook. I and I expect most can type a lot faster than they can write, so that s step one.Step two is to just work on making your notes as brief and concise whilst still being intelligible to you. Unless whatever somebody is saying is extremely densely packed with critical information, there is a lot of filler you easily can cut out.For example, if someone read your post to me, all I would write is - Tips for efficient effective notes?
It s called capitalism the system under some shmuck who makes a PHP website can become one of the richest people in the world.And it s called America the country where a shmuck can be free enough to be allowed to do the above.Think the alternative the places where only the right people, approved, connected and considered worthy , are allowed to become rich. The mind truly boggles.
Sum types are great in functional languages, but people are talking about using sum types in languages that don t natively support them. This blog post warns about misuse Abuse Of Some Sum Types In OO Languages
Drastic pricing policy changes from a key supplier can be as disruptive as a pulled product GAE, GMaps, etc .edit - clarification.
Better late than never, I guess?
In practice, unless you re animating at 60fps over hundreds of objects and who would do that with dom elements? , you shouldn t run into any GC issues. LightTable uses ClojureScript datastructures for pretty much everything and there were only a small handful of cases we had to optimize. Any normal application probably won t ever have to.
People keep saying a lightweight craft under six pounds poses no threat to commercial aviation, but is that really true?Most likely.Even more so for lighter than air aircraft. An airliner traveling at Mach 0.8 would most most likely push this tiny thing out of the way like a feather even if it was in the flight path.Note that, regarding your pitot tube example, they are _pointy_. And heated. Assuming the balloon would even be hit and have its fabric intact, it would still be punched right through.Remember, 90000 pound aircraft traveling at Mach 0.8 for an average 737 against a lighter than air balloon where the most rigid components are small circuit boards and thin solar panels. There isn t even an electronics case in most instances.Maybe engines would ingest it, but they wouldn t even notice.
As far as I know, those things are produced with petroleum distillates and plasticizer chemicals.The key addition is an emulsifier tptacek raving about sodium citrate I guess such things might be derived from petroleum, but in that case it would be highly purified and identifiable by a single chemical name so no need to give it a more general label like petroleum distillates .The emulsifier does enable the addition of other milk byproducts and oil and such, but there s no reason to suggest that the bulk of the material in processed cheese is anything other than milk products.
DISCLAIMER To all chat-app haters, my point is that the user experience of these newfangled services is just much better, o course I m not taking into acct all the very real concerns stemming rom these apps.Since your talking about user experience, not mentioning privacy, security, etc. . How is email better in terms of usability than say Telegram or any other app.Which keep every chat you ve ever had.You can Save chats for yourself for later.You can have usenet-style conversations in huge mega-groups.You can follow the latest news from channels just like RSS.All without needing to keep the data downloaded on your device, and backed up in the cloud.Basically all those separate services you mention with separate software required to be downloaded to view them are rolled into in any one-stop-shop chat app. Oh, and it also has phone and video calls too.
That is most often caused by reputation issues around the IP where your mail server lives. If you host it at home or in any residential block of addresses, then most definitely. Same if hosted on a VPS or with a provider whose address space may have been burned by spammers spinning up machines and then redeploying them when they start getting blocked. As someone said further down below, you can still host at home and use Amazon SES as your verified outbound relay. I do that with the Axigen free email server, and I have no issues with reputation.
It sucks for me as a power user because I prefer Apple s corporate ethos, but their increasingly quirky UI and no recourse for things like alternative launchers make it an automatic no-go because I can t stand Apple s interfaces. It seems silly to most people but I get physical anxiety from interfaces which don t behave consistently or make me feel claustrophobic, and I ve grown tired of relearning iOS every few years. To the point where I m using hole-ridden Android devices with bags of telemetry by default, but with a consistent launcher I ve used for many years and know how to navigate. No hidden UI tricks.If Apple would allow people like me to control the devices we buy, I would finally have a home in the mobile market.
But the purported violations happen when the trespasser has already left the property. You would need to find a precedent for an open to the public property s owner s right to restrict visitors from off property telling others what merchant-tenants were offering, under what terms, on that property.
Title II regulation was designed for the plain-old-telephone-system monopolies, where there was even less choice one provider! than the very worst of current local broadband markets. The internet, without any FCC rules, thrived and completely eclipsed that slow-moving regulated market.Various FCC rules applied to the internet during the time it began to thrive as a public service including much of what passed for broadband in the early days being subject to Title II regulations. But after this reclassification , new federal rules will limit what ISPs can offer and charge, regardless of what paying customers prefer, under the 1930s telephone utility model.Except to the extent that they won t, due to the application of forbearance. From the outlines that have been released, most of the 1930s telephone utility model won t apply, but of course the details won t be certain until after an actual order is adopted by the FCC, and the details could change from what was covered b the released outlines. ISPs will have to keep a DC commission staffed by loyalists of the two national parties happy, or else discretionary interpretations will go against them.Insofar as the FCC has legal authority to regulate, that s already true whether or not the FCC adopts the particular regulations under discussion now. And, of course, in the same way, its equally true that ISPs also have to keep the Congress -- likewise made up of loyalists of the two national parties -- happy, or else legislation will go against them. And, guess what, the courts, too -- after all, its hardly as if federal judges aren t also generally appointed from the pool of party loyalists. All of this independently of whatever regulations the FCC chooses to adopt this week.
I m in UC but work nearby at Intuit. Lots of us.
Your problem here is that you are using your own experiences and extrapolating to the general. You think any math teacher you see teaches like that. This is not the case. The teachers that have been the loudest critics of Khan tend to be really excellent teachers. You know why? Teachers who teach like you describe don t care enough about their teaching let alone worry about what some website is doing.
Stats provided by a life insurance company, recently mentioned here and r covid19
flagged
I wonder, could you craft a shader for tree-foliage from this?Given the Background, and the leave texture alpha, instead of rasterizing, anti-aliazing and then using z-baked lightsources and probe reflections to light it semi-correctly, what would a neural net implementation look like?Would you even notice the mistakes in a constant flickering scenery like this?
There are some well-known alternatives Signal, Telegram, any XMPP server which you can host ... As for convincing your friends to switch to it, there s no one-size-fit-all method.
it seems like they are practically inevitable once those conditions existGiven that we have exactly one occurrence of Origin of Life, how did you conclude this? From life originating quickly on Earth once it had cooled enough? That could be explained by the conditions in which life might originate not persisting for very long after a planet forms.
The AutoHotKey programming language is quirky and weird, even when compared to Powershell s quirkiness, but there are classes of things that AutoHotKey can do that I don t know how you would do on Powershell prepend or append selected text to what s already on the clipboard with Ctrl or Ctrl find all windows with specific text in the title and resize them in a custom way Window insert custom strings or large blocks of text in other programs triggered by a keypress its original reason for being eg s inserts the current date and time 2020-12-25 11 57 07 define a keypress to start Putty with a given profile, enter logon credentials, CD to a folder and start Midnight Commander these are my own keypress definitions I once wrote an AHK script to start VLC streaming a local radio station at a specific time, then start Audacity to record audio, then stop the recording and streaming at the end of the program and save the audio as WAV and MP3. This let me go for a bike ride in the late afternoon before dark, then come home and listen to my favorite radio show later in the evening. It s not necessary anymore, but back in 2008 this was an amazing thing to put together.
It s different, but if you re not the kind of person who enjoys going to bars then it is an alternative.
Just to be clear, 1600 of my coworkers are journalists, so I m pretty confident in my support for journalists creds. Assange is not a journalist. Journalists don t encourage sources to break into classified systems and absolutely don t help them with it. When journalists get a stack of classified military docs, they don t indiscriminately release them to the public, they negotiate with the WH DOD to avoid jeopardizing national security, weigh the public interest, and remove names to avoid putting people s lives at risk. See If you visited a newsroom, you might be surprised to find out that the overwhelming majority of journalists don t support Assange and his I m a journalist defense.
Oh, John Krafcik admitted it. As if the rest of us couldn t draw such an obvious conclusion.Autonomous cars can only treat the symptom, not the disease. The real problem is traffic due to suburban sprawl. People need to quit commuting into cities every day, put 50 tolls on the streets during rush hour into major cities, make bus service free.
This is mostly fine if only done for ambiguous letters and if the understanding is that it is done to reduce ambiguity. There is a contingent of people who painstakingly spell out every letter with a phonetic from their own system and it requires the listener to do a lot more decoding to the point of actually increasing ambiguity. My name is Michelle that s M N as in Nail Mail! I as in Icecream! ... Nichelle is confused about why we use words to spell out certain letters.
I figured someone would reply with this. Yes, and it is already an issue. However the issue isn t as bad for a variety of reasons, notably better abstractions.I would argue natural language can never be as precise as code without being effectively a new programming language. The effectiveness as desired is specifically due to the imprecision necessary.
Is there any cheap Android phone that has reasonable support for Flash 10.x? I need one mainly for dev testing.
Works well.... Only recently had issues during the parade using with the Linode IP range. DigitalOcean no problems.
Tesla s tent assembly line is very much alive. That s where they make Model 3 s. It s called GA4.
Did you try the clap host and the clap plugin? -
That s what I said.
I don t but honestly I don t search for things often that I need anonymity, I use kagi more because it seems better than the other search engines at getting the results I care about at the top and not a huge amount of ads or junk posts at the top. They claim to keep the searches as anonymous as possible, and they have been through an audit so hopefully true.
Thank you!
I like that I can login without providing my credentials.
It s a clickbait title, but he does also address the benefits of pairing. He does highlight the importance of not always pairing. He does not say not to pair.I think what would alleviate most of his issues is having frequent breaks. 10 or 30 minutes here and there all day, or even an hour before resyncing is essential. Especially now with remote pairing.I think opt-in pairing is bad. It essentially means, rarely pair apart from on hard things which is not pairing.Opt-out is better. Then for some tasks you don t have to pair, whilst for most you do.Or go full mob programming and allow people to come and go.
A large portion of mainstream knowledge that we call science is incorrect.How do you know that? Can you prove it scientifically? claims that are backed up by ignorance delusionIn that case, they are not backed up I will not offer to back up my above statements an individual has to learn it on their own, through ... inquiryMay I inquire about your reasoning?
And yet we see countless secular scientists clinging to that perspective when even a cursory glance at the evidence and a basic application of Occam s razor would suggest the opposite.That s not a reason to distrust scientists, or science in general although it does display that a fraction of scientists had very poor observation skills .It IS a reason to look for religious dogma, oust it whenever possible, and dismantle it systematically until it no longer exists.
The Dutch apparently think that some of the rules other countries use are unnecessary. Here are the Dutch rules Dutch measures against coronavirus basic rules for everyone government will not advise public to wear masks - minister
They change depending on the auth type WEP vs WPA vs WPA2-PSK vs WPA2-Enterprise . It ll be a day or two before someone manages to decrypt the DB. I d have a crack at it if I had more time.
People can accept an unsavory character if he doesnt pretend being nobel.There s nothing better than tearing down the better man.
Someone offered to buy an entire app from me, a paid iOS app that was making stable income and has a proven codebase. I quoted 80k or was it 100k and the enquirer was shocked, replying that he was assuming a 10k price tag. And he is a CTO of a startup.
Various forms of this type of decision-making already exist
Zk-Snark means Zero-Knowledge Succinct Non-Interactive Argument of Knowledge.It s fairly cutting edge cryptography. It is very fragmented as the industry is rapidly evolving. If I may recommend, a good article on zk Snarks from Vitalik proofs allow you to prove you know the answer to something without revealing the answer itself. You may not need to know how these things work at a low level. If you re interested, feel free to dig into zk proofs and the cryptography behind them. The subject is quite deep and rapidly evolving. Ultimately, the important thing to know at a high level is that you can post a zk proof with just a few bytes of data, and that zk proofs, while computationally expensive to generate, are computationally cheap to verify. So they are being used as a blockchain scaling technology, since data storage is expensive on blockchains.If you re just interested in crypto as a user, I would generally recommend getting a Metamask wallet and interacting with some applications like Uniswap, Aave, or OpenSea.
If it helps, I bought Conrad Barski s Land of Lisp and Steven Levy s Hackers 25th anniversary edition .
I just replaced my router with Google 3 point mesh. Installation was a snap. You do need a google account and you have to use the Google WiFi app.
This is PragerU, the fake university propaganda channel that is sinking its tendrils into public education quote CaptainNoBoat on Reddit They have videos on Climate denialism with a video literally called Fossil Fuels The Greenest Energy. How fascism is a left-wing ideology. Southern strategy was a myth.Immigration is crippling Europe.Anti-LGBTQ, anti-feminism content.Christopher Columbus is in one children s video downplaying slavery as a cheery-eyed cartoon character.And my favorite video title Dangerous People Are Teaching Your Kids.
free internet.org access is not so free after all. It s philanthropy outside, but scam inside. Let me put in to context. Most of the people in developing countries use android based smartphones. And users can t control the application connections in android phones due to its creepy structure- any app can run anytime in the background. On the other hand, mobile operators mention that any traffic other than internet.org supported sites will be charged at usual price. So, when users enable their data connection in mobile devices to use internet.org free service, a bunch of apps connect to other servers to update, and or sync. So, users end up paying for data anyway.If Facebook wants to do real philanthropy, they should do it right. Develop and distribute an android app that will disable internet communication for all the apps user controlled and will only connect to the free services.
Huh? I m not disputing that institutions carefully use the passive voice to clean their prose of negative connotations...but the two examples you mention are not lies 1. I ve seen the bags are subject to search phrase many times, including the public library. I cannot remember the last time my bag was searched, even at the airport when the search is differentiated from the usual scan. So that phrase is definitely not a cover-up for We will 2. Again, not a lie. And I don t mean in the not technically a lie . There are many cases where there is a shootout involving police and the cause of the suspect s death is ultimately determined as suicide. So the A shooting involving... phrase is perfectly acceptable in a breaking news update when no determination has yet been made.
I d still prefer that to I both test poorly and struggle to complete a structured, long-term course of action which is just as likely an interpretation if you left it off.At the end of the day, anything could be bad if viewed with sufficient cynicism, and you can t control how others will interpret what you present, you can only control the information which is presented.
This is an interesting statement.I suspect this is an excellent heuristic for a media organization to become popular.However I also don t like it because it would limit the range of thought. Most things that I find interesting are at the peripheral or in the cracks, intersections, oddities, peculiar facts.Without countervailing narratives you don t have a benchmark for topic variance, and like the OP, become incapable of believing there even exists alternative models of reality.In a relatively non-partisan example, I find that people who believe in God don t really understand atheists. Surely deep down these people believe in The Creator. I also find that secular oriented types do not really believe that religious people believe. They think they are faking it on some level.These are serious, even dangerous errors.So I submit that we need, require, something I ll label The Truman Clause or Exit from the Matrix. I do not know what that looks like in an ethical information aggregation system. I suspect it exists as part of meta-cognition in either our culture or in the human brain, since one of the most important functions of higher learning is to teach you to question your premises.More so than any elite university I ve seen, the kind of culture developed at LessWrong is perfectly suited to tackling these kinds of meta-cognition issues.
Maybe I don t really understand Ruby, but isn t it basically a duck-typed language? Why would you be checking the type at all which I am assuming is_a? does ? Type checking is evil for weakly-typed languages. Either it implements what you need it to implement or has some property value, otherwise it should throw an exception.What are you testing for here? To see if the hash is empty or something? What makes an UndefinedHash undefined? If it IS defined, then it should be assumed to be the type of object you are looking for until the code tries to do something that breaks on a non-supported type.
What I don t see this paper focus on is security offered by the OS. Historically and commonly, for normal people apps, we ve only been able to rely on one kind of compartmentalisation memory is not readable between apps. However, any file the user has access to is fair game for any app. This is a Bad Time for any password manager, or really any app think e.g. about your email cache in a thunderbird profile, or Firefox session tokens which can be siphoned , etc .For ages, on Unix this could be solved with users and daemonisation. Later came SELinux which is criminally underused.In the popular OS market, for a while there was flocker, on OSX. It used event hooks in the kernel to allow fine grained control over filesystem access, locking certain dirs down to certain apps. The app was bought by some enterprise offering f-secure and taken offline. The creator Jonathan Zdziarski was then hired by Apple. Recently, similar features have been rolled out by Apple natively for OSX. Try reading your iMail or calendar cache using the terminal you ll get an iOS-like pop up window asking you if this app has permission to your mail, or contacts. This is a step in the right direction.All that s left is for Apple to allow the user or app developers to specify such locks ourselves. This was already possible with flocker, but unfortunately that s nowhere to be found, anymore. Perhaps it s possible for apps delivered through the App Store? This would solve the problem that a password manager offers any process access to your full encrypted password DB, which is a pretty serious problem makes the master password too valuable! .Given the direction things are moving in, and the hire of Jonathan, I m very hopeful this will eventually arrive. It would be a tremendous win for security on OSX. This everything-goes mentality of FS access has been a pet peeve of mine for over a decade. and, tbh, I think it s a much more relevant attack vector than some process reading memory .
I recently moved with my family from high density living in the city to the suburbs and the truth is that the city actually had more outdoors free activity space for kids, than where I m currently at. There where at least 3 playground within easy walking distance of our apartment in the city, a school yard with outdoor basketball courts kids could play on after hours, plus a large city park botanical garden with huge open spaces a 5 minute bus ride 20 minute walk away.
There s another reason to use jQuery not included in the article, albeit one which has lost a bit of relevance in the last few days jQuery plugins extensions libraries whatever.An awful lot of libraries for things like carousels and masonry type grid systems and other such things are built with jQuery as a dependency, so anyone wanting to use them especially to avoid rolling out their own version is stuck relying on it.Fortunately, a lot of these things have either moved to working as standalone vanilla JS type deals, or to NPM modules instead.Unfortunately, the latter is argubaly causing the same dependency hell issue, since many devs will now basically throw in a full JavaScript framework and a bunch of task builders and managers like webpack just to be able to include said modules more easily and save on development time costs.
This is the biggest caveat with community spaces. Although Redditors can subscribe to subreddits to customize their content, each subreddit remains a community space. IMO there isn t an alternative to heavy moderation when shared spaces are inherit to the design.
I just followed the course on Distributed Systems by Maarten van Steen at the University of Twente. It was brilliant, and he has written a book on Distributed Systems. It is freely available via
Usually in stone buildings sheds , farmland, or readily usable goods that keep well provide value rice, dry beans, generator, fridge .Sucks if you need to run though. But usually if you re wealthy in an unwealthy poorly banked country and can t leave for some reason, you keep your assets in the place you d run to if you really had to.
What a waste of a great title and pretext. This article is nothing but a couple of crummy photos of some randos and text that amounts to I went to a minor cloud conference and met some people
Right in the money.No matter how many decades one lives in the Netherlands, one would never be seen as Dutch . Whereas a Mexican living for 10 years in the USA and throwing BBQs in his backyard would be seen as 100 American.
This is what separates good webcomics from bad webcomics, I ve noticed lately.Also, The Darjeeling Limited does a great job of showing instead of telling. And 2001 A Space Odyssey.
Transportation is the bigger issue.Ukrainian grain exports used to be tens of millions of tonnes per year. That s something like a million semitrucks or a million railway cars. You can t build that kind of capacity in a few months, especially not in the middle of an all-out war.As long as Russia can operate submarines in the Black Sea, it can blockade Ukrainian ports. No foreign cargo ship will approach the ports, and no foreign insurer will insure such ships.Ukraine also depended on Russian energy. If Europe wants to phase out Russian energy imports, it can t supply enough fuel to Ukraine. Meanwhile, Ukraine has better uses for the fuel it can get than exporting low-value bulk goods. Like keeping its military operational, which also needs the trucks that could export grain.Ukraine uses the Soviet 1520 mm rail gauge, while its western neighbors use the 1435 mm gauge. That creates a huge bottleneck for rail transport. Not to mention that Russia has been targeting Ukrainian railway infrastructure.There are not that many major roads from Ukraine to the west, and some of them are unusable. The border between Moldova and Ukraine is largely controlled by Russian-backed separatists, while Russia has been bombing the bridges on the only road south of Moldova repeatedly.
My wife can t multitask - she ll call me when she s walking to relay a two-sentence message because she can t type and walk.I agree that it s rude to play a game when having a conversation with someone, but it s not rude at all for two people to be walking along and playing the same game.
I run a 1. What is my balance if I shut the business down today and paid off all creditors and pulled in all debts? What does the business look like if I hire someone new? I need financial planning and forecasting that goes way beyond excel. Which is lighting fast to work with.2. Where are my projects really at? I m a service business. I have to sell our deliverables. Need agile planning, rich documentation and project costing. The bastard child of Google Docs, Excel and Pivotal Tracker.
I just spent some time reading through Math Content K on corestandards.org. Most of it is, IMO, complete trash and not at all aligned with how kids in kindergarten actually learn this shit. As a spec it s writing is sloppy, poorly defined, and highly ambiguous.I respect that you took the time to read the document, but your criticism isn t very specific. Are you bothered by the fact that it uses words that aren t appropriate for Kindergartners to describe what they should know? Or that it says what they should know, but not always how to teach it?I think the spec analogy is a good one. The goal of a spec is to lay out requirements, not implementation. Same idea here, which strikes me as the right choice.The actual expectations are to know a few things about counting, numbers, and shapes. That seems developmentally appropriate to me admitting that I don t have much recent experience with kids this age .What do you think Kindergartners should know?Re the practices part, these same practices are mentioned at every grade level through high school. I agree that the practices sound way too advanced for Kindergarteners, but the goal is to get students to do them well by the end of high school, not by the end of Kindergarten.
Unfortunately, much if not most of the time this calculation by the worker will be in error. As they tend to exclude the company scaffolding that they are not responsible for but that enables them to make their contribution.I literally addressed that company scaffolding in more detail than you do here second sentence of the second paragraph . There s no error here though as running the company and owning the company are two different things and while there are plenty of business owners who need to work for their own company to keep it running, we re specifically talking about surplus value after the cost of paying all labor including your own, at market rate , i.e. what ends up either being reinvested at the end of the fiscal year or drained by the owners shareholders as dividends. You may need someone to run the business side of things, you don t need that person to also own the company, be able to drain any profits and fire you at will. If group ownership is important, workers can certainly begin a business with that in mind.We like to proudly talk about individualism when it comes to seeking praise for personal achievements but times like this demonstrate how it can blind us to systems thinking. Yes, you can create a worker cooperative. And yes, you can be a business owner who tries to be fair to their workers. But you exist in competition with other businesses who don t engage in such waste and you compete in a system where the benefits of such an approach are considered externalities and have no direct value even if you try to argue it s positive PR that will only get you so far . In other words, the system disincentivizes and actively punishes redistributing surplus value to your co- workers - because it s literally based on profit-seeking i.e. maximizing that surplus . Asset ownership being the key to legal and ethical economic success in this world.Yes, and asset ownership is only attainable if you have the necessary capital to buy assets. Being self-employed won t get you far because you re still selling your labor for money just with fewer middlemen but in practice not really and if everyone owned their own business that s all they d accomplish. If you want to be economically successful from asset ownership rather than labor, you want your asset to do the work for you i.e. passive income . But in real-world terms this ultimately means you need to get a cut i.e. profit from someone else s labor and they therefore can t take this advice or else they wouldn t be in that position for you .I m a business owner. I ve been at various stages self-employed, an employer and a business owner using external freelancers and subcontractors. But I have no illusions that essentially the easiest legal and ethical economic success I ve seen involved little more than either rent seeking i.e. being paid for continuous usage of something you already built bought or scalping i.e. selling something someone else made did at an inflated price and pocketing the difference .
Years ago I interviewed somewhere that had a system like this. I was told ahead of time only to click the link when I was ready to sit down for two hours to do the work because the clock started then.
It looks like just another one of those statements. It will have no meaningful impact whatsoever. The fact that openai and microsoft executives have signed it makes it even more bs
Right hand was probably one-off the home row.
Not everyone is aware of things like Also, if you haven t downloaded the source, some hosted git server somewhere else doesn t help.
Ehhh... there are more productive ways to spend your time than playing video games.I agree we should look out for the older generation though. For me, it s my parents boomers, who fought no wars I worry about, my grandparents who fought have passed already.
Interesting article, but odd to frame the cheapest possible house as the last word in ultra-affordable housing. Has anyone actually built one of these? Would Americans live in one?
Great post, thanks for the perspective. Retrospectively I also regret one of my job changes due to that low resilience to frustration. TBF i still believe i had little promising future there independent on how good the place was, but i should have waited a little bit more to confirm it.
Thank You!.So Ruby Rails is bottom of the list.
Twitter enables the toddler in the White House.
Thanks for putting this together! Here s a car driving demo we also left unfinished you might be interested in, written using this same engine
What we ve found is that the best folks want a paid trial - not because they want us to trial them, but because they want to trial us. Works out for everyone.
It would be nicer still if they stopped thinking their browser only needs to get new features once per year. Safari is rapidly getting a reputation as the new IE6.-----------------To be fair, they had a 9.1 release this year, which included Picture element supportSupport for CSS variablesEtc if they do this again, we re looking more at 6 month cycles.The whole safari is the new IE6 stuff is hyperbole which I don t actually hear that many developers saying.. IE6 was bad because it didn t follow any standards, not because it updated slower than the competition.
I had that complaint when working in a 5 story building and spending a third of my awake hours in meetings here and there.That 30 dongle become either a dangling bit you ll have on your laptop all day, it will be hiting stuff, get under the laptop, or worse case scenario stuck between the screen and the keyboard when you don t pay attention. As it d always dangling it also become loose over time and get flacky accordingly.Back then having a HDMI port was standard, no dongle being the norm. So yeah, having the choice between needing a permanent dongle or not, the answer is obvious.What changed for me is WFH, otherwise I thing I d still wish for no dongle until USB-C projectors and displays rule the world.
Built with AngularJS and Rails backend. The site is populated with fake data at the moment. If you have a job to post, would love for you to try it out and put your posting on the site.Any feedback is welcome - positive or constructive. This is my first angular application, and I m looking to learn more on how I can improve it.Thanks!
Cool, I m bitops on twitter. If you d like a reader feel free to let me know there.
Markus Mattinen submitted the best solution so far here s my solution, not too bad, had lots of fun
I doubt you really think our protagonist decided to frame the CTO of Evil Corp because his girl friend was bad in a meeting. That was the CTO s supposed reason for getting her removed from the meeting. Our hacker was on the edge anyway and made the decision to fight Evil Corp because he saw what an a-hole the CTO really was. The Evil Corp CTO was rude, clearly sexist and thew his weight around as a way to demonstrate his dominance. These were the decision factors for this anti-social hacker. Besides, just because a corporation employs lots of people does not mean they shouldn t be punished for doing great wrong, even to the point of dissolving said company. This is a TV show anyway.
Just so you know, your tone is extremely off-putting. It doesn t come across as genuine asking the question, but are instead whining about how you are being forced to change and you don t want to change and don t see why you should budge so much as a single hair on your head.Also the Why not blacks? Why not midgets? line is a particularly poor choice. My understanding is that little people do not like being called midgets, and by slurring them in the same breath that you speak of women and blacks, you give the impression that women, blacks, and midgets are all categories of people you disrespect.Finally, entitlement refers to the sense that you deserve what you have, not the feeling that you deserve something you ought to have but don t have.Therefore, ironically, YOU are the entitled one here. You feel you re entitled to carry on as you have been carrying on.
Maybe your are right and it s something they don t talk about. But maybe we, the users, can have a discussion about it.I mailed them the last time I posted something. They unblocked the post then. But it feels a bit cumbersome to go that route every time.
We have a chat box that pops up for all support, and offer support bit.io. Both get routed to our Intercom instance, and both generate opsgenie alerts for some cases. We do an on-call rotation for answering the support requests.We don t _yet_ do support on-call on the weekends.
I m not sure if anyone uses Base36 any more or its more obscure sister, Base32 , but it uses 0-9, A-Z as its alphabet. It is URL safe and also smaller than base 10 in character count for each number, and is the smallest standard URL-safe encoding that works with alphanumeric QR codes.I sort of assumed this was common knowledge, but I guess not.
I wish I had not sold my 78 s to Half Price Books a few years back. I had a couple hundred records, some of which had probably never been played. I found all of them in a house we bought right after getting married.They were a mix of old Country music, Broadway musical shows, Jewish songs, and Big Band stuff. I always intended to digitize them before selling them but my phonograph only played 33 1 3 rpm and 45 rpm and had no facility for direct recording so everything had to be done through a connection to my pc.I bought a USB interface to a phonograph and recorded about 40 of my albums and some that I bought at Half Price Books because I really wanted a particular song. After recording each album, I used Audacity to compensate for the speed difference and was able to get some great music.It was a huge project though and I was working 7 days a week during this period so the spare time to complete it was just not available. That is why I decided to take them to Half Price Books. I knew that I would get almost nothing for them and that there was likely some very good music in the collection but I decided that there was a better chance for someone else to see them on the racks and tackle the job.I love old music. It takes me back to my childhood in the same way that a smell can transport me to a specific point in time. I m glad that someone has chosen to preserve this music in an accessible format and to make it available so others can hear those timeless compositions.Support archive.org if you have the resources.
I don t think the languages are the real problem. It s the tooling that sucks. The fact that simulation generally comes from a different vendor to the synthesis means that the simulation environment will implement the behaviour of the language, not the behaviour of the target device. This means you can never verify your design without a full hardware test - at which point you can t probe signals. That could be fixed if someone simulated devices accurately rather than simulating the specification of the language. This is exacerbated by synthesis warnings that range from I one hot encoded your state machine as has been common since 1984 to Yo dawg you forgot to reset this signal, so the set and reset priority are unclear, I m gunna just fuck the whole of your design for ya . We all enjoy those post-synthesis log parsing scripts! By the way - they can t fix the logging because Cisco Nokia DoD have spent decades parsing those logs and if you change them you ll break their workaround.Secondly, because the people who understand FPGAs are hardware engineers the tool vendors hire hardware engineers and software engineers who are willing to tolerate hardware engineers to write their software, the result is tools written using the development practices of the dark ages.End of rant.
duh daDA DA DA!
Individuals can do very little, aside from reducing one s ecological footprint.The key thing is to work with your neighbors, friends, and community to build on the movements that are already working to make politicians and countries change. This must be a collective effort.
This is pretty fantastic. I travel around to universities with the Yahoo! HackU program and have had a heck of a time teaching students ruby and the rails framework from scratch. This is going to make it SOO much easier. DAs far as the labs thing goes, this feels like the future of interactive learning.
There are an awful lot of home installations of Windows XP that aren t going to get exploited by BlueKeep because of NAT not forwarding 3389 to them.
This is in the Chinese language.
No, the minimum allocation is a 24 for v4 or a 32 for v6
This makes me very sad that I am too young to have experienced the glory days of usenet.
That s absolutely ridiculous, everyone knows the moon is just part of the giant crystalline structure that keeps the firmament from pouring through and flooding the earth again!
Surprisingly poignant video from the famously Kaufmanesque troll, TechLead. He came to prominence because he plays a semi-serious version of himself on YouTube and satirizes the egotistical elements of Silicon Valley software engineers.
Also the Queensferry Crossing - a bit over time due to weather problems but under budget and a gorgeous bridge.
Make prison a good place to go with perks. Gotcha.
As a user and a mobile game developer, please no.I want the safety and uniformity of knowing that have gone through the review process. If it not mandatory, no one will do it and I will lose the protection I have now.
Looks sweet will use. Some however might be happy with using existing command pushd to save there current working directory that is in almost every shell ever including dos! This does have more feachures but sometimes you have enough to work with the defaults i.e. other people machines too.
Obviously, but not in the way you think. The government made billions available to US foundries, giving Intel enough monetary leeway to be competitive with Amazon s suppliers.
Yup, the best example I know of is resolving implicit scopes in Scala.
The Post is in dissonance. Their comments are in conflict. They are speaking for the public s right to reasonable privacy that is not susceptible to what occurs when you exploit technology to gain an upper hand.The game theory around government is that it thinks it has the right to protect us at some X cost to trustworthiness between them and the public. Driven by that value, they will continue to rationalize higher levels of untrustworthiness.
When I played poker for a living I would sit for like 12-16hrs at a table glued in thinking in fractions and ratios. I couldn t even count the chips when I went to the cage after, it wasn t in ratios. I would meet friends at a bar club and couldn t talk to anyone for at least an hour.They should add - Weed - Drinking - PornThere is no way I could play video games.
The American healthcare system is quite fucked. Proponents are typically profiting from it directly, have no idea what things are like in other places, or suffering Stockholm syndrome and lack access to medical care to treat it .
I agree. This is basically every pessimistic article on every subject by a non-expert and almost all of them should be ignored.
Apparently, about 80 of Dell revenue comes from product PCs, peripherals, servers, and some consumer electronics. The remaining 20 or so comes from services including software. What I was trying to say is that I don t really see what incentive Dell Inc. would have to go private.I don t see why Micheal Dell would assume so much risk, and I don t really see the immediate benefit for any party Micheal, the board, shareholders, PE firms to privatize at the moment.They should focus on their transition instead of burning up so much cash on hand and assuming a lot of risk.I think the best bet would be to stay public and try to scale their enterprise segment through venture investment.
Lawyers who worked in chemical and medical patents confirmed this for me when I was in Google Legal. Don t even get me started about software patents.The legal fiction is that a reasonable amount of experimentation may be required, beyond what s in the patent. The notion is that a lab tech determines the exact concentrations, temps, and pressure to get the thing to work.Of course this is abused.
Arbs! I had fun doing them years ago but there are some issues I had One side decides not to take the bet, or makes it harder call us to confirm type thing.Opening loads of accounts is tedious.Some sports are easy to mess up on. I think basketball ? may have senior and junior versions with the same team names so you can bet on the wrong thing quite easily.My best arb was about 50 profit! But I had to wait 6 weeks for the check to arrive from the US to the UK. I was worried!
He also noted that he was asked interview questions for a job that he wasn t applying for and hadn t prepared for! It s not surprising if he didn t do a great job at answering frontend questions when he was applying for a backend position.
I can t believe it s been 3 years since they released v5. Truly one of the better open source security scanners out there. Thanks for sharing.
I am not convinced self driving cars will ever be a thing we see in our lifetimes that just drive around the city unmanned. Sure, I can see a fully custom Uber navigational system built in with systems that make getting passengers and dropping them off much more predictable.However, what should be relatively simple as that fails to address the human component.1. Some people like talking to a driver, it s one of those small interactions that make getting from point A to point B an experience. Some people don t and that s fine too, not arguing against that.2. People left alone will be much less careful, graffiti, spillage, throwing-up, drug deals, etc. Fully expect these to become little crime bubbles.3. Not all cars will be fully utilized all day long, so what is a car sitting around unmanned? Will the insurance to cover vandalism and having the vehicle repaired raise higher than the value of paying someone to sit in the car?
I still use Docker images to deploy several of my Go systems. For one, it s nice to have it integrated into other ecosystems where a Docker image is just the base level of functionality. The additional security even if not necessarily perfect and isolation isn t all bad either.It s perfectly fine to compile a Go binary and stick it into a Docker container on its own it is not obligatory for a Docker container to contain a full Linux installation. I ve got a couple of Docker files that are pretty much just FROM scratch ADD my_binary Usually my bind mounts and the command executed are set up elsewhere for logging and such. It is also a convenient way of knowing exactly what your dependencies are... for instance I have several Go containers that also have to include a trusted cert store so they can access remote HTTPS resources correctly. Since you don t need a full Linux install to run a Go binary, it s very easy to use Docker as a complete, human-comprehensible manifest of exactly what is in that container.
I really wanted one but I forgot when I saw the price. How is it priced that high when you see the price of an e-ink tablet for example ?
The limit appears to be 5MB 1 , but I haven t been able to find a direct source from Apple on that. 1
that sounds really interesting. I ve been doing a bunch of things and the flow is where the flow is irregular- sort of weird state machines. Putting it into a generator kind of things seems worth a try.
Santa is open-source
It s amusing that the essay starts off by talking about sheep in New Zealand. Soon, they may be historical, as it s currently more profitable to plant trees on rolling and steep pastoral land than to raise sheep--for the carbon credits. 1 . Many people in rural areas are upset about it, as forests employ very few people. There are billboards and low-key protests.1.
If you re doing industry-relevant research and you re in academia, leave. Your work can be supported by corporate profits because it is in essence for corporate profit. Get a job in industry, make more money, and make room for academics who want to do honest-to-god academics and work on theory or fundamental research. Or who want to do research relevant to improving society, not improving profit margins.There aren t that many professor jobs out there. It s unbelievably greedy to be taking one up to do industry s dirty work.You can always take an afternoon off a semester here and there to be an adjunct and teach a SE class or give a guest lecture.
So much for accuracy of Reuters. What else do they get wrong when they can t even tell when something is a bank or not?Sad thing is these kinds of articles get translated and end up in hundreds of papers all over the world all as fact.
I believe the idea is that you run feature flag management as a separate service. It s not meant for desktop software but rather as a component of a microservices architecture. This is not uncommon - I know at least one of the FAANGs has something like this internally.Flagsmith 1 formerly Bullet Train is another open source feature-flags-as-a-service software, and they have their own SaaS offering now.1.
microwave covered by a plate to contain the inevitable food explosionThe default maximum power setting dumps so much energy so fast into the water in your food that some of it boils, and the expanding steam spatters food everywhere. This is also what causes the burned on the outside, still cold in the middle effect with leftovers, which aren t engineered to be microwaved on high the way most frozen packaged meals are.Use a lower power setting for longer, and pause to stir if possible. That way there s more time for the heat to dissipate into the bulk of whatever you re microwaving, and few to no tiny, messy steam explosions.
Why does it matter if one result is more or less statistically significant than another, assuming that they are both sufficiently significant?! Note I don t think that 5 or 1 chance of error is sufficiently statistically significant, but I m a mathematician programmer, and I know that most social studies researchers disagree.
That is good! I like the bit about unselfish writing. I tr to do that but can t always pull it off.
A nice overview of New York for entrepreneurs
the good ol days of web ringsI honestly don t get your snark. Those were the good old days of the Internet, when SEO spam and PageRank wasn t a thing. Then Google came and made the Internet even better, then it turned to shit, and here we are. And web rings were great, you take that back.So yes, there was a period of time when the Internet was in some ways better than nowadays. Now I m not saying that everything that happened since is bad, but Internet search and signal-to-noise ratio has definitely fallen off a cliff.Let s enjoy the good days of siloes and SEO optimization. I doubt it ll get better.
Six cylinders, same a 4 stroke. The strokes doesn t actually matter.
Do I believe him or a random software engineer on HN who thinks it might be a bit too convenient ? Hmm. Tricky one.One has a vested financial interest, the other is objectively and mostly apathetic. You really believe that one isn t beyond Propagandizing their work if it means paying off the mortgage?
No come on, some of those are crazy, no one is expected to clean the oven after normal use.I ve seen this lots but I ve never actually done any of the things they ask me to. Bringing out the garbage? Sure, but only if it s overflowing while I m there. I will start the dishwasher. We ve also never received a bad review so I think at least where we stayed, while those things are explained in their handbook or wherever there s no downside to just not doing them.
Yeah, I figured someone would bring that up. First, I could ask the reverse question asking why you assume the 5th position is favored. Next, the requirements didn t dictate a study on the positions. Finally, it avoids the real question Does it really matter? The placement is random you can t predict the order reliably before you launch the page , and the options are present.Does it really matter? No, even with understanding your point, and even thinking that it s an interesting thought that I m sure we ll see answered.
This is painful for me as a Rails dev because the real technical debt is always a lack of test coverage. Cleaning up cruft is great, except without tests I m just going to break my application in the process and probably not know it. Without first defining the behavior of the application, there s a reduced incentive to refactor anything. In this way, there s effectively two layers to the technical debt.This becomes a compounding problem, where the technical debt gets so great that it becomes more appealing to just keep pushing out features and dealing with the fallout. Everywhere I ve worked, the code has ended up exactly this yucky. And yes I ve contributed to it too. I just don t think that the idea of paying for someone to go back and make the code nicer with no tangible changes to the application s external behavior doesn t seem to resonate with my CTOs. Maybe I just need to find better places to work.
There are APL variants like J and K, which use ASCII and have enjoyed limited success too but those who do use the language tend to be very good at at.I guess people just don t really want to learn a new language, which is what APL and its derivatives really are.
CiteseerX is fantastic.Once you find a good paper or two and or the academic literature s relevant buzzwords for your issue , you can span out through the citations for quite a while. Introduction Survey of ... papers e.g. exist mainly for the bibliography. Also, when you find someone whose name keeps coming up, look for their faculty page, e.g. Andrew Appel s papers that don t have .pdf or .ps files cached on Citeseer due to primary hosting behind the ACM s paywall try searching on Google Scholar and clicking X other versions . Typically, the ACM is the first result, but faculty pages have publicly visible copies.
It s all fun and games with the citizens basic income until the government hits hard times and has to think about what to cut. Having the vast majority dependent on income from a single, fallible organization is a recipe for disaster.
No
tesla is clearly a special case. the government doesn t normally hand out loans, and in this case it only handed out loans to financially viable car companies. other car companies got government loans that aren t as technologically cutting-edge.
The key word is, them . How do you figure out who has bought your book?There are a few methods, and none of them are great 1. You include an access key in the content of your audiobook. This means your listeners hear an ad for the thing they already own. It also means providing a single global access key to your book accessible by everyone , unless you convince Audible Amazon to give every customer a different audio file with a unique product key .2. You coordinate with Audible Amazon to have them send their customers an email with special access to your DRM-free copy read competition . Good luck.3. You get Audible Amazon to send their customers email address to you, so you can send them a link to your DRM-free copy. Same as 2, but with a privacy violation.
Works for me.
Ruby and Swift and other languages I m pretty sure allow you to have named functions nested in functions
That app, or rather its descendent, still works, and is arguably preferable for privacy and battery.
POWER goes with SMT4 for Linux and SMT8 for workloads under PowerVM. zSeries don t use SMT for zOS workloads, but enable it with Linux.
Ha ha ha, truth hurts so much How Apple dares not be cool I am in the same boat, I am just not as messed up as you downvoters.
I would like the driver profile menu to be quickly availableThis annoys me because our Model 3 can never decide who is getting in for a drive. Without fail it trys to adjust the seat to accommodate my 5 foot partner when my 6 foot frame is in the seat.The removal of the profile icon makes undoing this even more of a chore.
No, I don t think so. But my biased view of the left is that they want to actually control and curate speech via censorship, safe spaces, hate speech laws like UK , political correctness agendas, stereotyping painting all religious people as bigoted , etc. I view the latter things as an attack on my free speech. People should have the right to say hurtful things without being thrown in jail.
The service has been looking for malicious apps in Market for a while now, and between the first and second halves of 2011, we saw a 40 decrease in the number of potentially-malicious downloads from Android Market. I m not sure how to read this. They detect an App is malware and leave it in the market? Or they didn t detect it until after it had been downloaded many times? The former is unfathomable while the latter indicates a gaping hole in the system. This drop occurred at the same time that companies who market and sell anti-malware and security software have been reporting that malicious applications are on the rise. Don t believe all the charts showing a malware explosion on Android, they have a conflict of interest. We at the Official Google Android Blog continue our 100 neutrality however. While it s not possible to prevent bad people from building malware, the most important measurement is whether those bad applications are being installed from Android Market Not if you re going to advertise side-loading as a feature the competition lacks.
That doesn t excuse breaking the HN guidelines and trying to turn this place into your personal activism platform.
You are using data from that LinkedIn leak from a while ago?
I agree with all of your examples - it is discrimination if an employer says your family will get in the way of you working off hours. What I find obnoxious, though, is when an employer has standard rules for everyone e.g. all prospective applicants must produce a 3 hour at home project as part of the interview process and then balk at discrimination because you d rather spend your time at your kid s soccer game.This also strikes me as the height of white-collar privilege, because there are tons of other jobs e.g. military jobs, oil rig workers, construction jobs, etc. that require a hell of a lot more family sacrifice, but it s mainly highly paid software developers that protest so much at a couple hour non-9-5 project.
50 of their employees are TVCs? That sounds crazy high - anyone else have knowledge on wether or not that s unusual for tech the Valley specifically?
74.6 billion --- 75.9 billion is not huge but it s noteworthy they ve maintained positive numbers.Yes, and they just advised that the current quarter is going to be less than Q1 2015. The NYT was correct.
Not sure what URL has those April 2013 figures.You can use the Edit Chart Data button to change the date range.The Unknown is the weirdest part of the chart, with inexplicable rises and drops. I expect that s just a data gathering glitch and may actually be some Windows.Anyway, about 3 4 of the change was Mac. The 2nd biggest gainer was Chrome OS. And then a tiny bit of Linux and Unknown, but mostly Mac and Chrome.
Wind Turbines on mountaintops are awesome, beautiful, and a herald of a good future. I don t understand how anyone can be against them.Unless you have some weird quirk where you think it s impossible for manmade objects to be beautiful
It s just the clicheness of it that bothers me. Nobody in the country needs a reminder. It s the same with all the various holiday messages.
I just had to remember that the board thickness needs to be 0.8mm for this to work.Clicking through to it seems like it actually needs to be 0.6mm?
The benefit is linear but the distribution of people getting it is not evenly distributed around the middle of the benefit range. Therefore the average benefit is not just the mean of the min and max SS benefits.
You can tell easily that none of this was done by local street artists. It s an example of the difference between vandalism and art.
Is that true? Isn t the generic accusation against AmaGooFaceSoft that your interview performance largely depends on whether you happened to study some interviewer s pet topic e.g. parallelism, dynamic programming, networking, etc. ?
TIL. Thanks.
Yes, you are misrepresentating sic! him. The move between groups 1 and 2 was meant as decision to start paying for a service, or to stop paying for a service, not a physical move. In other words, voting with your wallet.
1 Debugging is harder than writing code, so if you ve been clever in writing code you are by definition not clever enough to debug it.Citation needed. And I don t mean proof by appeal to authority because someone famous once said it.Debugging is different to writing code - you can spend longer thinking about it, you can bring different tools to bear on it, you can focus your attention on smaller or larger pieces of the problem, you can stop thinking about any of the surrounding context which is irrelevant to debugging, instead of having to think about the context relevant for programming.Is it measurably harder, or is it a less used and less practised skill so not learned as fluently? Is it that programming is seen as default-success-unless-proved-broken and debugging is seen as a-failure-until-fixed , so there s a psychologically different feeling in approaching one than the other? Is it that programming usually happens earlier in a project and debugging later, so there s more stress and deadlines looming? Is it that debugging happens when a problem has been found and now you are acutely aware of what s being held up until the debugging is done?This quote suggests there is code out there which has known bugs and the authors have tried hard to find them, with enough examples to work from, and never succeeded due specifically to limits of their cleverness. Is this anecdotally true for anyone here?
McDonald s and Walmart might be the strongest restaurants stores, but that doesn t mean I want to shop there.
I think that most initially looked down on the security through obscurity layer as flawed only because many people, a few years ago, thought that this is the only layer they needed. Somehow over time many people began to think that this layer is not useful at all. A little bit of thinking about the issue would absolve one of the approach to completely exclude that layer.Also it is so easy and cheap to implement is another reason to discard it because in many organizations today people think that security can only be had by spending boatloads of money on people and software. Surely a simple, fast and cheap solution can t really reduce risk now can it?And then on top of those things people do not think about, nor fully understand risk, hence the whole Covid 19 scare and the many other things in the world people are afraid of.
I agree, Twitter is awesome. But I think Twitter is more useful as a passive conversation tool. As in, okay here are the 100 people I like and following and there s no direct pressure to care what about everything that they say or engage with what they say. But if I do, wow, it s pretty addictive. Like an IRC chat with constant flow but without the need to pay quite as much attention.If his goal is to use it just as a broadcast medium to promote his projects, a la barackobama, then that s useful but in the grand scheme of things wouldn t he better off going on TV? By being on Twitter, the PR get is for Twitter. The novelty is the fact that someone like Al Gore is messing around with something that many people have been discounting as just a toy for the past year even though I ve heard the market values it to be quite a pricey toy .As for the s n ratio, it s manageable but for people public figures, Kevin Rose, iJustine, etc. that have thousands upon thousands of followers it becomes outright ridiculous. They don t even bother responding and I believe it just defeats the purpose.If someone like Al Gore wants to help I really hope he starts engaging in more conversations with regular people, because that s really a good thing. Twitter is an avenue that he can pursue but again... the s n is so out of whack without advanced management and plus the 140 char limitation it might just be counter-productive. But hey, right track and everything!
brexit did win a referendum, which is probably the main reason labor has been cautious, but Corbyn himself isn t a great fan of the EU, that s true.
I feel like these days, provided there s a library and I m not writing stuff from scratch, I m just as fast at Rust as I am with Ruby. I spent way more time debugging Ruby problems and fixing bugs than I pay upfront with Rust.It really depends on how you measure productivity.But also, I don t think that makes you think about memory is that simple. I don t have to think about memory in Rust very often at all that s what the compiler is for! When I make a mistake, it corrects me, and I ve only thought about it for a few moments.
My father used to blast me for years for being on my laptop all the time. Today he actually spends more time with his laptop at coffee shops than I do.
Well organised protesters have blocked buses ... Bet they ve been using Google Drive to organise.
What s scary, this article, or considering how much has been lost by other countries Soviet Union, China, ..
That was the main point yes, but there is also the grow your own benefit, so you know exactly what you are putting in your body and how it was produced.
also, highlighting annotations
but the market on iOS they re enabling has to get paid for somehowHow about paying for it with the massive profit they make selling the devices?As far as I can tell, the only reason Apple s doing the whole rent-seeking App Store business is because they can. Upside is all that money, downside is the developers kinda hate you.
That has not been announced yet.
Do you have a sense of how many stars are sunlike compared to how many stars there are in general?This is interesting to me because there are a lot of seemingly arbitrary ways you can try to make the size and age of the universe comprehensible, and relative to a human scale is arbitrary but at least kinda means something.And the commenter above measured our point on a cosmic time scale by looking at where on that timeline our sun formed relative to other sunlike stars. By that metric we are kind of in the middle. But for me the natural next question is compared to stars in general, as sunlike stars is maybe a bit of a texas target.
Depends on the project. Either cut down on build times always valuable or have two working copies of the project so that as you build the one you can continue your work in the other on the assumption that what you did works. This is something you can accomplish by having your own remote to push to. Of course, this may be difficult with devops-y type things.Or change your habit, instead of going to HN, twitter or email, what else would you rather do? What can you do with just pen paper in that time?
There are more than zero Democrats working on the problem. There are zero Republicans working on the problem.
I don t. He can be a bit of a space cadet at times and sometimes get stuck on the wrong things, but I would never call him incompetent.
They could use old P2P copyright cases against torrent trackers to get the FBI to seize Amazon s domain addresses.
Quake 4 came out 2005 6, IIRC.
Reddit wants people to visit the site, become interested in the content they see, and start participating regularly. That s not compatible with hiding enough content behind a registration wall to thwart sufficiently sophisticated scraping.
This sounds based.Other commenters are butthurt because they want consent. How do you know this hasn t happened to you a thousand times already with no harm done?
Getting injured in traffic poses a risk to the people that come and save you. People getting flung from cars also pose a risk to other road users.
If you have an Android phone tablet and want to play around with the lambda calculus, I made an app that lets you build and evaluate expressions using a touch interface lower-level than the stuff in the post you need to build booleans and math yourself and doesn t have any instructional content built-in at the moment, but I think it s a nice way to see how far you can get using only lambda expressions. The most complicated thing I ve done with it is used the Y combinator among other things to compute 6! 720, which is a fun exercise.
I am finally figured out how to do it with Surplus Its documentation is super confusing, first it talks that there are no lifecycle hooks, but then I see lifecycle hooks 1 , then it talks that there are no diffing, and then I see inefficient diffing algo 2 .It won t be so hard to solve use cases that I am talking about. Just create an index HashMap , implement simple diffing algo that updates hashmap index and doesn t care about item positions, then from the ordered list generate a new list with values from the hashmap index, and then apply this inefficient diff algo that uses object identity to track objects 2 .1.
I liked the story. I remembered my grandfather a very successful engineer once told me I should take acting classes or something that would force me to address an audience and communicate something in a way the audience would understand. He then explained to me that engineers are usually not taught how to communicate things effectively, and how this can make a big difference in trying to accomplish your objectives in life.
Part of Firebase s recruiting success was due to early engagement at collegiate hackathons. Top tier candidates were applying out of school because they liked working with the product and liked the team behind it.This is a great long tail suggestion.For the short term it s really about networking and poaching.
Mobile apps that haven t been released yet?Seriously, I think Tappr and several others are just using this to advertise.
Check out the Seller Tradecraft Facebook group as well as the Amazon FBA High Rollers Facebook group. What helped me get started was going to Amazon conferences and meeting a bunch of other Amazon sellers. My first Amazon-ish conference was the free IMA Internet Merchants Association sessions at the ASD trade show. They do it twice a year. I am now a board member of the IMA somehow. Some other Amazon conferences include Boost with FBA by Amazon , Rocky Mountain Reseller Conference, Prosper Show, Retail Global, etc.Some thought leaders in the Amazon space include Casey Gauss CEO of Viral Launch, software for Amazon sellers , Manny Coats CEO of Helium10, Amazon software , plus a number of 7-8 figure sellers.I m happy to answer any emails or pms. I share some of my thoughts on Amazon as well as conference notes on my blog here
I thought Cloudflare had a deliberately manual and therefore more secure but also more expensive and slower process for registering domains. Has that changed?
There is a theory that has substantial evidence that senescence the technical term for aging is a defense against cancers. Here is a long article about how cancer and senescence are related. 0 0
It s funny the author throws a dig at Python for its syntax that actively discourages this kind of code. Like my guy you re not taking the hint. Python makes things it doesn t want you to do ugly as sin. It s why lambda is so awkward and clunky.
The article states it is an issue with an eMarked cable, not the charger. With a different cable, the Pi 4 started up with the same chargers as it was no longer detecting the Pi as an analog audio accessory.The issue still lies with the Pi 4 for not having two CC resistors.
I think I saw his video on a different type of engine that was basically a poor-man s jet engine I can t remember the name . It was equally impressive, but I didn t appreciate the shtick once parts started melting.
My experience with such a system has been that it would quote ridiculously high prices for generic medications, so I d simply tell patients their drug is on the 4 list at WalMart. An information source that s unreliable is worse than no information at all, since it poisons the well for competing systems.
I use ProtonMail. I m aware that puts me on a list in all likelihood. Still doing it however. I m of the opinion that more encrypted private communication between citizens can only be a good thing for freedom even if it enables a few criminals. And I have to do my part.
In the United States it s typically in September or October, in 2015 it was apparently replaced with the Minions Sweepstakes promotion.
There are many notes about latency, how it can cannot be solved etc. This ignores a basic technique being used by most vid conf vendors that is not music friendly - unpredictable non contant network delays happen, and to help counter that, most software speeds up the audio playback occasionally to help clients catch up when audio arrives later than expected. This is a HUGE deal breaker for music lessons as it wreaks havoc on musical timing .. even when the lesson does not require live playing together.Just turning this off would make a big difference to online music lessons I think. The speed it up to catch up technique is fine for speech .. which is the dominant usecase.
Sometime in the next year or two, we will see the first truly independent music superstars achieve household-name status. Once that veil is broken, then the jig is up and labels are going to be panicking -- if they re not already.We are almost there but not quite. Justin Bieber famously got his start on YouTube, which is a step up from A R scouts haunting the clubs -- he was 14 and in Canada so probably would never have been found. But a label signed him and increased his exposure by several orders of magnitude. That wasn t even 15 years ago.Moving from the opposite direction is live music revenues -- from the late 1980s The Grateful Dead made most of their money from touring, not albums, and were one of the top grossing acts for a few years despite a paucity of hit records a phenomenon the music and financial press seemed to find incomprehensible . Like Bieber, they needed the labels to get there, but then again they started about 60 years ago. They were also pretty into investigating new technology and models despite playing somewhat low tech music.And some breakout stars now control their own finances and corpus, which is also new and really of the same vintage as the Bieber example. I think Ke ha was a pioneer in this regard, but she built on a prior precedent of some label-developed megastars e.g. Bowie, Beatles, and famously Prince who managed to get to the point where the labels needed them more than they needed the labels. Ke sha pulled it off before getting to that point and she s not the only one interestingly the only ones I ve heard of doing this are all women, but it s not like I follow the music business .The phase change I m waiting for is when someone can really break out on their own without a Svengali like the labels. The influencer infrastructure , such as it is, is too tenuous to pull this off today. But like you, I don t think it s far away, though next couple of years seems too soon. But within the decade.The fascinating thing about this is the whole debate about how fair the streaming payments are will go away. Instead the stars will likely prefer that the music not be paid for at all that will magically increase its frequency in the mix instead it will function as a kind of free advertising for alternative revenue streams. In this, the example of the Dead is illustrative.
Why do I have to sign in using Google?
Just to add a different kind of answer from atrocities which most major countries have committed , the USSR was terrible because it collapsed and exists no longer.
I said nothing of the sort. Look back at who posted which comments. You responded to my only post in this thread.
Click login cart, popup do you want to enable login cart for this_site? yes noI don t see how you could implement that without sites abusing any click event to try and get you to enable cookies. There s about 5 sites I would ever use with cookiesGood for you. Most people need more than that.
I was expecting an Amazon product search review site and was pleasantly surprised that it is in fact a math game.
Your schemas only have to include types for things you use. Don t feel you have to type your entire schema.
Why? I use it all the time for that.
They didn t. The size of the fine is unrelated to the profit at the very least, the fine is 10x the profit .
First off, he didn t describe himself that way his lawyer did. That s pretty standard stuff in a sentencing memorandum. Secondly, have you read the entire 53 page memorandum? I recommend everyone do so before rushing to judgement.
Author here - great questions and I totally agree on the podcast back catalog not being easily searchable. This is an attempt to fix that in some small part.1. I ll be taking a break for a few days as I m totally cooked getting to this point with writing for a while, but the WireGuard pages will cover this eventually. To answer the question quickly though, a local DNS server would do the trick - opnsense has unbound built-in or there s something like PiHole or Adguard Home that could fill the gap too.2. It depends! And there isn t a right or wrong answer for this. With virtualisation I ve found that one big box to do everything has been really very stable indeed.
Nobody in Web3 is suggesting you hold all of your assets in a single private key that you physically carry to a restaurantI m not suggesting that, either. It s a metaphor. In the metaphor, we re not talking about crypto wallet keys, we re talking about actual, physical keys which open doors. But many people do of course keep all their crypto keys in a single, vulnerable location, or hand the contents of their wallets over to another wallet for some other purpose such as lending - typically this is on centralized exchanges or defi markets and platforms, for example Celsius - which I haven t checked in a while but can only assume is still in business, doing well and allowing customers to access their funds.
Ok, fine. They win a court case against the offending party.The problem though is that instead of the RIAA MPAA facing competition from a thousand directions, TechDirt is facing the threat of takedown from a thousand nameless companies. I mean, who s ever heard of Armovore before?The DMCA, right now, puts the burden of guilty until proven innocent on the innocent. TechDirt is innocent.The problem is the DMCA. The solutions available include Fix campaign finance rules, elect better congresscritters, and repeal the DMCA. Implement a technical solution that renders the DMCA outdated What other solutions are available?
So can a non- US citizen non-Green card holder start a company in US? Or are you only referring to opening a branch US office of a foreign company?
Batman currently is the only profitable DC franchise...For example there was an article making rounds about how of the Top40 most sold DC comics recently, Batman is in 37 of them.Basically, Batman sells, other DC properties, not so much. Even Superman is struggling.I have no idea why is that, but I suspect that is because most DC characters require too much skill to write well for example superman is literally invincible and indestructible, the only conflict you can have in his stories are psychological, ethical, etc... ones. But instead crappier writers kept relying on the stupid kryptonite, because that is the only way to force Superman to have a not-boring action sequence if there are no psychological, ethical, sociological, etc... restraints .
Why s that? Wouldn t there be practical things to measure like picture quality, colour consistency, power usage, speaker quality, etc?
It should be ready just in time for Photoshop CS7.
We d probably have a society that is really good at building safe redundant software services such that this is no longer a threat
Similar story, had an older version of MySQL on a 2008r2 server until a few weeks ago.Advocating for 2 years to migrate off that box.
Read it as Voodoo is dead, employees getting computers in lieu of wages Was all, Sweeeeet!
Why is that? Isn t the taptic engine just a miniaturized vibrating unit?
Anytime local storage runs low and transmission line capacity is exceeded, you order a shipment of synthetic ammonia or hydrogen from the tropics. There will be plenty competing for your business.
Should work fine. I personally avoided using a reverse proxy like nginx or apache because they tend to have a ton of vulnerabilities check out the CVE database results for nginx , making them a security management headache.
Not your parent, but I come from a pretty rural area, which is what a lot of people would call the real world. The people who live there certainly would. I have to say, I absolutely abhor when anyone tries to say that one part of the country is more real world than any other part.
This looks really handy for those on multiple websites. I like how it works with more than just Facebook and Google.
I asked a mechanical engineer in hiring if a double major on a resume made any difference to him. He said that if the major was not related to engineering, he really didn t care about it. They re paying you to be an engineer, nothing more. I studied Russian and in aerospace engineering in the US, employers absolutely did not care about it. I now resent the time money spent on that coursework, and wish I had taken stats or CS, maybe dabbling in Russian on my own time.
It s more than just CSS classes. If it was just CSS classes I think people should just make their own utility classes. It adds a build step for things like, for example, tree-shaking it d be a massive amount of wasted CSS to add classes for EVERYTHING . It s also yet another configuration to manage
We can all hear the collective groan when Steve Balmer said table PCs will run Windows. I don t question his devotion to Microsoft, but I seriously wished he has a bit more imagination.
such as?- dmitrygr
It s a paper exercise by the Treasury, which is an institution that advises the NZ government on economic and financial policy.
I suspect that arguing about wrong referee decision or how close games could have ended is a major factor in what makes football so popular and emotional.No spectator sport is really about watching the better team win predictably.
Profanity and abuse are two different things.We detached this subthread from and marked it off-topic.
Not ironic if you don t need it anymore as a result.
Having a meeting involves more than 1 person spending time. Reading a spec involved only one person investing time only those that need to know it anyway .Doing it in a meeting where everyone has different questions, tangents and other cruft that you have to sit through is extremely inefficient.
I also recently found out there is slack channel ! But look, this is not what people want. We are looking for a plain, vanilla, ticketing system that someone can respond to. GCloud does have it at the Gold level support.So in my mind, GCloud is more figure-it-yourself-dont-call-us . AWS is more dependable. They have scaled their sales devrel support ops so that a small startup can access it.Google only does this for the Snapchats of the world.
I used to be the guy who would say that people need to stop writing code which others can t understand, but then I migrated to, why am I working at a company where I need to lower the bar so much that making changes in a code you understand well takes ages .I joined that school when I used FP for my own project I use Elm, and RamdaJS JS and found how amazingly handling bugs and complicated logic became. This clearly came with a higher barrier to entry for other people to understand my code but this cost only needs to be paid once, I look at other people s functional code and I got no problem understanding it btw .I understand large companies where logic needs to be written so simply so that anyone can understand it Python philosophy Code is read a lot more times than it is written , but they don t end up with fewer bugs, it s just a LOT LOT BIGGER codebase, with 5 million for loops, doing 1500 things in one for loop.In fact, before I fully went to FP side, I started writing my JS code without using for loops or forEach. Even this simple change of writing code using map reduce filter drop reject take etc made code lot simpler to maintain, reason with, and eliminate bugs.
Everything ultimately manifests as a restriction on the set of assembler instruction series you are permitted to execute. A GOTO that is restricted from leaping outside of its local scope is a limitation. A language with no GOTO is even more limited. A language that only permits tail calls is yet more limited. You don t have GOTO unless you have a full, unrestricted JMP, and if all your language has are tail calls, you do not have a full unrestricted JMP. If you have pointers but can t perform arithmetic on them, you don t really have pointers .All of these things are restrictions, as well as features. The idea that features more power is not accurate... features and power have a complicated relationship, the moreso since there s more than one useful definition of power, but they are almost no matter what neither strictly in opposition, nor strictly working together. But pretty much every useful high level feature is some restriction on what code sequences you can cause to run with the language, together with something built on top of that restriction that would be either harder or less safe without the restriction.
...and lo, thereby the world ended.
I don t like it either, but for a different reason. This is an example of narrow thinking let s solve an immediate issue, rather than rethink the whole problem from the ground up.How often do you need to control a single light that is in a different place than where you stand?The problem is not with the light switch UI, it s with the whole concept of manually controlling every single light in the house. Why can t we have lighting that senses where we are and adapts accordingly? Why can t our lights go off when we lock the door?Rather than get excited about a conceptually complex light switch, I d like to see a home lighting system that doesn t require one in the first place.
How do you make money from it? it s free and no ads
If you are accepting pickled objects from a remote and using it ... you are an idiot.
I suggest that American results are more pertinent to Americans than European results are, and vice-versa. Did you see this article from a few days ago?
For 3 trillion less than bailout, we could have paid off every U.S. mortgageThat comparison makes no sense. We didnt pay off the bank s debt. It was a temporary loan from the government and every penny was paid back. In addition the government, and tax payers, benefited enormously from the interest accrued.
The opposite of cities and the college educated. I m not looking to call you wrong or contradict you. They have the right to choose their own lives. If you value the fundamental of American freedom, allow them to live and die as they see fit.
How does HN usually solve this lack of PM issue?Many people put their email in the About field of their profile. You can obfuscate it if you wish, or just trust your spam filters.
Hyperloop is designed to be above-ground, which is significantly cheaper. Also, musk s original route plan has it stopping outside city-centers presumably to keep the cost-estimate down
Don t think so then there is no real inflation the total assets equals automatically the amount of money month after month after month..Better then the never ending growing amount of inflation paper we have noadays.
I ve come around a bit to Nostr. I like the general idea here, actually.But asking for a github replacement seems like way too much scope. Github is millions of people-hours of work, does a crazy large amount of stuff.Just start with some basics can I get a stream of commits from someone? Can I send patches pull requests to someone? Find some managable goals, and build protocols forwards.The product minded deliver me a complete replacement for a whole massive product is a harm-inducing act that obstructs incremental growth genuine sucess. Nostr has NIPS, Nostr Improvememt Possibilities NIPS - trying to coax some wildcard team into writing either one massive NIPS and a huge product or a sea of closely interlocked NIPS and a huge product is going to cause longstanding damage an inability to grow this organic system out right.
absolutely not, never. it s one of the worst ideas ever.why would i give you the email address of all my accounts, and the ability to spoof them, for something that is trivial to build myself?
Then I realized it was actually true. But at that point my dismay in the incorrect use of factoid after all was completely dwarfed by my shock that injecting frogs with human urine really did determine pregnancy.That dismay was misplaced. Factoid was used correctly and can mean both real and fake information -- see my response above .And X-oid doesn t imply looks like X but isn t in general. In most cases it means in the family of X things as per the original etymology .It s just that some word, like humanoid are more useful when referring to non-humans else we could just say human . Whereas there are many types of trapezoids for example , there are only one humanity. So our uses for humanoid would either be as a synonym for human useless , or as meaning human-like which makes sense only to apply to non-humans e.g. aliens, robots, etc .
Most accountants will never make partner. You are taking two exceptions and comparing them to the whole population. You should be comparing them to people who become CTOs.Besides that most people will never even make half of your lower end salary during their whole career.
I largely use Delicious as a way of posting a daily linkblog on Livejournal see If I m switching to somewhere else it will need to have the facility to post daily updates to blogs journals etc.
Care to provide any links or elaborate further on such studies? I m very curious about this.
Thanks for providing a name for that. I m 30 past 40 so I guess my brains EQ is slow kicking in.
I d count publicly accusing him of harassing, intimidating, and trying to silence women 1 as harassment. 1
Nope. Nope. Nope.Rain, hail, snow, groceries, etc.Bikes are the most dangerous form of travel by micromort mile.
I love that background color! I posses no design skills what so ever
I would be interested to see what people guess the total number is - post your estimate!
In that case, I might agree with you. But the parent poster was not complaining about that. You should also be aware that roads are being used for transportation public or of goods which practically most people use though this might mean just direct taxation of these means .
a military that s dependent on other parties they can t controlWhat makes you think the military can t control them?
The C H explanation has two parts, what triggers the humor response perception of things that don t make sense and why we have the humor response evolutionary fitness . A theory of the humor mechanism should be congruent to a theory of comedy.The physiological manifestation of the humor response is also explained by evolutionary fitness when you consider it as countering the physiological reaction to the perception of stressful ambiguity.
Hello guys. Founder of Commando.io is a web based interface to execute commands on remote servers over SSH. You can write commands in bash, perl, python, ruby, or even node.js. We seem to share some of the same ideas and vision. When you generate a public key in bastio.com do you also add a password to the key as well? I.E. if somebody were to compromise your server, they would need the SSH key password to SSH into other users servers?
Do you have a reference for this, out of curiosity?
100 agreed. I look at these cloud kitchens no front facing kitchens to only be an efficient, cheap, clean food option like for office lunch, etc. I would much prefer a fine dine full service front facing restaurant for celebrations and special occasions even if I m just ordering in .However, I can imagine a subset of full service restaurants to be affected because of losing users that are on the fringes.
You have the power to touch many people most of whom will never cross your path even with work that may not seem important. This is an honor and a responsibility, bordering on the sacred.
The success rate of those predictions is ... low.At 60 years, only a couple are commonplace or in effect, mostly the inducement of sprawl.Virtually all the rest assume vast amounts of free power which never materialised. The automation examples are only now, and with great difficulty and challenges, appearing.Litho-annealing vitrification remains a fantasy. Lasers serve as alignment aids, not boring mecganisms.Any idea who commissioned contributed to this?
Laser weapons might have their uses, just hope that the it isn t a cloudy day, or say, the enemy uses something like a mirror for that specific frequency, or even better, something that emits a dust cloud that eats the energy. Missiles, of course, can fly through dust clouds.
1. It is my belief that if you are proficient enough in the task at hand, it is actually a distraction to be checking someone else code over just writing it yourself. When I wrote the code, I know it by heart and I know what it does or is supposed to do . At least for me, having to be creating prompts and then reviewing the code that generates is slower and takes me out of the flow. It is also more exhausting than just writing the thing myself.I m sure there were programmers who said the same thing in regards to high-level programming languages. 2. I am only able to check the correctness of the code, if am am proficient enough as a programmer and possibly in the language as well . To become proficient I need to write a lot of code, but the more I use LLMs, the less repetitions I get in. So in a way it feels like LLMs are going to make you a worse programmer by doing the work for you.Maybe that becomes irrelevant the more that the skill of the programmer shifts from handwriting correct code to supervising code generators while proofreading their work, and of course providing effective acceptance criteria. There s also a massive bias towards failed predictions of the past that serves to discredit predictions that may see a greater degree of manifestation. For every time someone says but people predicted this before and it didn t pan out , I can point to technology that did fundamentally change how an industry works and even make jobs obsolete.Seems to me a lot of programmers on HN are refusing to believe that their ability to be proficient with code may be either outdated or supplanted by the efficiency of a system that writes code that is not necessarily elegant in human terms. So in a way it feels like LLMs are going to make you a worse programmer by doing the work for you.Most programmers aren t great at what they do to start with, whereas LLMs can only get better from here on.
It s a nice idea, but it s too simple for most systems simulations. It is, however, a splendid interface for building simulations. I d hope the author hooks it up to a simulation framework at some point, exposing a much wider range of tools. Or builds their own framework, IDK. I just want to build more complex systems by drawing on a canvas
the human ear is not sensitive to phaseAbout that... ... it is concluded that phase distortion is audible and it degenerates the perceived sound quality for commonly heard sounds when reproduced through headphones. The Influence of Phase Distortion on Sound Quality
In my experience, all ways to avoid knowing what you re doing are expensive.It s all about time, and lack of it. If you can spend 1 10th of the time and still make a good profit, you could spend the other 9 10ths doing other profitable things.
Yeah, it is not about a whole social network being controlled by a single person. It is about a whole social network being controlled by a single person you disagree with.
I think it s somewhat silly to fly blind on the assumption that your taste is better than any real world observations you can make.Especially if you haven t had the chance to develop an intuition yet and are new to the field. Without data to correct you, how do you get better?
The sad part here is that those people who have essentially been swindled have succumbed willingly essentially in the name of religion. Their leaders are keeping the faith. So it s sad to me that not only are people so easily manipulated through religion but also what a huge lost opportunity this was. What, really, do any Middle Eastern countries have to show for this massive windfall?Actually the Ba athist dictators and monarchs are against the faith. The only country in Middle East with proper theocratic state is the Iranians, and they are doing alright so far as a middle power who is in a decades-long cold war with the current Superpower.
We have a security proxy at work that gives you the bits, but then holds the connection open while it does a scan, then resets the connection if it doesn t like something inside. Both Chrome and Firefox haven t tried IE Edge, but I assume that they ll do something that the proxy vendor would want infer or are told? that the connection broke and delete the interim file. Unfortunately, with zip files, the header is at the end so it can t do scanning until the whole file is down.For me, the easiest way to mitigate it turned out to be to use wget with an appropriate user-agent... say, the same as my desktop browser . wget Gets the bits, but doesn t in any way molest the partial download when the connection resets. Then it tries to download the rest using the Range HTTP header, and the server says oh, dude, you already got the whole thing wget declares success, and all the bits are in my download folder.I believe that we pay, like, a lot for this proxy, which is annoying on two counts 1 If I can get past it trivially, then presumably competent attackers can, too, and 2 Sometimes it takes a dislike to legitimate stuff, which is how I was forced to learn how to get around it.
Andrew Yang has been one of my favorite things about this election cycle. Very focused on issues instead of politics-as-usual, able to explain the impact of automation on the economy in a mainstream way, and presenting proposals that even if seem strange at first have rationale behind them.Even if he doesn t make it to the end, he s already moving the Overton Window.
For just the bare facts on the fusion reactor design
If she wants to be a software engineer, tell her to teach herself. I think the reason why many of the graduates don t get jobs is because Tech is really hard, and almost all of it you have to figure out yourself to be a good engineer. A lot of the boot camp attendees are the type that need to be taught, it actually looks better if you teach yourself. It shows your independence and drive, which are very hirable qualities in Tech. That said a good mentor can go a long way too there are plenty of those for free as well
The mental blocks can be totally unrelated to the difficulty of the concepts, too.My wife is also smart and totally capable of learning to program. I ve seen her self-learn subjects e.g., how email headers work or basic SQL queries just to scratch a particular itch, though she didn t think of it as learning a technical skill.But she ll never bother learning to program, because she s not a tech person . It all goes back to her being a young girl in school and having one bad computer teacher who made her feel stupid and inadequate. She s completely averse to learning to program . Her block to learning is entirely emotional, acquired from a stressful event.
This website is beyond off-putting. I realize this was written 20 years ago, so I m willing to forgive what, if written today, would essentially be adding cheap punches to a person who fought widespread mental abuse for over a decade. But apart from that, why is there a booble search in the corner, and why are there charts following the cleavage line of a quite possibly underage Britney Spears?
Thanks, the new title is much more actionable.Have you ever considered increasing the title character limit slightly? The current limit can have quite a constraining effect on some titles, sometimes to the detriment of the thread.
Smalltalk is a structurally reflective system which structure is defined by Smalltalk-80 objects. The classes and methods that define the system are also objects and fully part of the system that they help define --
I know. I ran clusters of VAX boxes, in production, in the mid-1990s.An ordinary user app doesn t need to know. A file version control system does, though. Development environments need to know. IDEs and programmers tools need to know.
Evernote or Zotero? I haven t really kept up with the space, but Zotero is open source and while it s meant for academic references, you can use it for everything if you want.
I don t know why we ve as a society have decided these companies that work this way will be the way we organise our lives.
I heard about this at Boulder Ruby last night. Sounds like there s some good things coming down the pike from this.
Is there an option for a one time payment rather than a subscription?
A HP Microserver N40L is a pretty decent NAS. If you re willing to tinker a bit, you can also add some additional harddrives outside of the coldswappable drive-shafts.
We can just put them on the street, replacing parking spots.
Yeah, that s kinda the whole point. You can put an incorrect value in there and it ll fail, but you can t change the query itself. i.e. Bobby tables would be an incorrect value, not a dropped students table.
Prehistoric European cave paintings should make that obvious.
I still don t understand how some brands could put it on peanut butter. A few tablespoons can kill a small dogMy daughter is allergic to peanuts. A few tablespoons could kill her. Would it be reasonable for us to expect that no peanut butter is made? No. We simply don t buy it.All that is needed is the regulatory requirement to list it in the ingredients.
Here, here.QuakeC enabled the community to demonstrate the possibility of good AI in 3d shooters in the late 90 s. It spawned an era of popular titles being programmable. Some of those early bot authors went on to become lead programmers of further games, why did they forget their origins?It does help a game to live beyond its years -- many previous games could become popular again with community AI improvements, and I m not comfortable applying binary patches and they re not very portable either..
You mean a bull trap, essentially?
The quality of web apps seems to be inversely proportional to the vertical length of its front webpage. So this looks pretty good!For an app like this, dedicating the team s time to it should take no less than 5 minutes of attention per person, about the time it takes someone to deliver post-it notes to everyone s desk or mount a corkboard to the wall. This also seems to work within that principle.
That is complete horseshit and you know it. I just made a statement and a decision. He s free to disagree with my assessment, and I m free to not give a fuck. We re both free to move on with our lives.But then you decide to ride in on your High Horse to save the day!Earlier you reprimanded me for saying shut up , which is just fucking retarded to begin with, and you re engaging in a double standard because his posts were clearly not substantive and thus against the arbitrarily enforced rules .Just so you know, whenever you ban someone for calling things as they are, and trying to get people think for themselves, you re essentially supporting your own enslavement.You re probably a psychopath yourself, of course, but most likely not protected from the potentially perpetual tyranny the world will slide into if sanity doesn t spread widely enough.
The two main things I haven t found viable alternatives for under linux are ITerm2, and reliable configurable touchpad gestures with features comparable to bettertouchtool controllermate .It s slightly amusing to me that by far and away the best terminal emulator that I ve ever encountered is OSX-only, and it s embedded in my workflow enough that it would be a real pain to do without. I was going to note that FinalTerm inspired some of those features but was now dead, but going by 1 it appears it may be resurrected. 1
Glossy vs. matte LCDs? Pfft, I remember what it was like staring at a fuzzy CRT all day.
Yes, somehow people are mistaking the two. I didn t know any of them before this affair.
I have a feature phone with a micro-USB port for charging these days.
I was just messing around really and thought that it might be easier to find an audience with Christian music rather than if I tried targeting a more mainstream genre. Those mega churches need to play something, right?
Can we really make the claim that a social score is safe as long as it exclude family and friends?What makes social score dangerous is the power imbalance when a position of authority is attempting to dictate social behavior by punishing deviation and dissent outside of democratic laws. A society that don t allow any deviation or dissent is an authoritarian society.A credit score system has nothing to do with social behavior unless they get combined. The dangers of a credit score system occurs when social behavior becomes proxies for creditworthiness, in which case the credit score system also becomes a social score system that hands out punishment based on deviation and dissent.
PlanSnap - currently in Techstars Lead Mobile UX UI Designer New York City Full Time Contract OnsiteWe re building the fastest way to get friends together - from a spontaneous after work beer to an adventure weekend away, the PlanSnap app lets even the most disorganised person make any plan in a snap.We are hiring a Lead Mobile UX UI Designer in NYC is a fascinating psychological problem, and a LOT of fun to work on.Please apply using LinkedIn which takes you to Workable . If you have any questions, please email jobs at plansnap dot com.Happy job hunting!
Two of Elemental s biggest early clients were the Mormon church, which used the technology to beam sermons to congregations around the world, and the adult film industry, which did not.
In which actual country is forced unionisation a thing? It sounds more like stupid local laws than a flaw in the concept of trade unions.
Does immigration to South America is still a thing at all? For people besides Latinos.South American countries seem to have had so many false starts. The moment they have a few decades good run, and it seem the country is finally starting to take off they either have a revolution, putsch, junta, or a communist government.
Once they get to that temperature, which can happen in a matter of minutes if you are doing something cpu intensive, they throttle the cpu, thus slowing everything down, which is counter productive if you are doing something cpu intensive. They can spread that heat over a larger area, thus heating up the whole device, or they can put in active cooling, or they can put in a cpu that doesn t get that hot. The Atom is a cpu that shouldn t get that hot. It s probably not as fast as the i5, but it can certainly run Chrome and other apps though probably games would suffer.The issues we see with Surface Pro 3 overheating is where it s not expected to overheat, such as using Chrome. Using IE is fine, but when you use Chrome it overheats. Turns out a lot of the time it s related to ABP adblock plus . Switching to uBlock seems to resolve most of the overheating of Chrome.
I ordered some Rust books from Amazon printed in house and they basically seem to be ebooks that have been printed out, loads of whitespace in random areas and no signs of proof-reading.Yeah, there were multiple books that I read the reviews on amazon and people were complaining about the poor print quality. One of the Ted Greene books I got had a typo on the 2nd page in the table of contents, so I m not sure if any proof reading is being done really.
He had a personal Facebook account but quit after being unable to keep up with all the friend requests. Now he has a Facebook fan page.
No, in that case scroogled.com would require a Google account.
correct, if you run a dedicated monitoring system for a handful of targets. If you run a SaaS or a very large monitoring system for a large corporation, this doesn t fly anymore. There is simply no moment available to be down. There is always overlap with some system.
A brief glance at this thread and the other discussion showed only 1 substantive comment that told me something I didn t know after a cursory read through that I saw at least . The amount of people who didn t even read the paper is mindblowing
They once gave away GTA V for free if you set up MFA. They also did the new Tomb Raider Triology a while back.
I agree that most of the ML ecosystem libs are in Python, but don t think they re easily accessible via PySpark. PySpark is a thin wrapper on Scala Spark via py4j . PySpark has better interop with Scala Java libs. Here s an example PySpark function def input_file_name sc SparkContext._active_spark_context return Column sc._jvm.functions.input_file_name You can see it s just using py4j to invoke a JVM function.
Yeah when I said cloud I really meant SaaS. You can certainly deploy a self hosted app to a cloud PaaS and get a greater ability to control your data than SaaS while still getting many of the other benefits a SaaS service offers.
It solves the problem of not having to rely on a central bank to maintain the value of currency. It may seem unnecessary in the US, but pretty damn useful in countries like Zimbabwe where the privilege to print money has been abused. The opposite problem of deflation a la Japan seems more likely to hit the US. As population declines and with it the demand for housing , it ll become necessary to destroy money with negative interest rates to reach the target inflation, boost investment, and check unemployment. But that s damn difficult with currency notes. And there ll be political opposition to any effort to target higher inflation or fiscal policy that has the government borrowing and spending more. The behaviour of UK and EZ governments and their austerity policies especially towards Greece do not inspire much confidence. An alternative currency might start looking attractive when that happens. Bitcoin is even more deflationary and won t help. But some other cryptocurrency could.It s also a matter of principle. There are some who don t like the idea of central bank monopoly. A competing currency could be beneficial even if the only thing it accomplishes is keeping central bankers more vigilant and honest.
Is this an evidence based opinion? I am trying to find evidence myself -- but my memory is that religiosity is well correlated with marital satisfaction. If you have something that supports the opposite conclusion I would be interested in reading it.
Nonwithstanding your argument, their size also makes them suspect by default. They would be able to push control much farther if it had separated interests.Look at LetsEncrypt A Google initiative. Yet 25 of the world s websites use it.
Better ways to memorize such things create a story between each colonies so that you can remember it as a linked list.
I find it quite amazing how much commentary gets based on Yes, this happened in two years. Now let s assume nothing changes hereafter.
Article makes many implausible assumptions and the conclusion is too radical for at least the amount of effort thats been put into bringing this article together.It s obvious that the author hates dogs and cats and thus wants to reduce their numbers. Ad hominem might have been your best friend right here - the conclusion is agenda-based and doesnt follow directly from the paper, so either ignore it or make it so that Osin never has access to any publishing facility ever again. And dont forget to wash your hands after reading his research.
Imagine what they could save by disabling autoplay.
I ve had a similar experience, and it s rather recent.. last month or so.
What I want from a streaming box I click a button, it wakes up, I can play whatever I want including stuff I downloaded Plex . This is exactly what the Apple TV gives me.What I don t want from a streaming box Install updates, have a bulky laptop stand next to my tv, install an ad blocker, have a browser, add dongles to then use some control with many buttons.
In case you have any problems rendering the inline gist here is a link to the gist on github
So Microsoft still has full access to telemetry, they just have to generate the reports inside their China divisions?
Drink more, code more, go to class less.
True. But it still needs to be said.
Now we just have to drag it to one of our harbors and we can solve America s water crisis
it just sounds like a competitor to sharespost or forge or any other secondary exchange? what s different
Can t be any worse than any news outlet in America reporting on America.
Chronicle allows trusted clients to send data to be included in an immutable, auditable, cryptographic permanent record.
Might be of interest to you.
People stop trusting science when they are asked to believe research findings which are obviously not true.
Interestingly, there is a popular vim-style sexp editing mode for Emacs
This is not apologetic BS Your comment illustrates a DEEP misunderstanding of dealing with users at scale.You have millions and millions of users.You are proposing that the threat benefit model is such that if they lose their 2FA device very easy via upgrades to phones, lost phones broken phones EVEN though they have their password and and have access to a trusted device within the validity window for device trust they will be locked out, potentially forever from their account?Do youa realize how common this situation is?b realize how angry users will be to lose access to all their google services with basically no support route to recover that?c what pressure there will be to allow for other recovery methods THAT ARE EVEN WEAKER?I ve gone through 2FA reset procedures over the phone with a few companies, and in EACH case it struck me how easy it would be to socially engineer or use very minimal info to get a new 2FA when they allow these methods ie, last 4 digits of CC was one reset piece of info . So you need to allow workable 2FA update methods so that your fallback can be pretty tight if allowed at all.Finally, consumer accounts have basically NO recovery option if you are locked out. I had a relative get locked out, nothing to be done they had a landline that couldn t accept text messages and the system won t do voice calls . There is NO human backup - all emails, google photos, google drive etc GONE.
Today, the free frontier lays in ruins. Walled gardens dominate the landscape, with people trapped behind walls and under watch.Taking Back ControlIs this how the Internet ends? Or will people find a way to take back control?Breaking FreeWith the right tools, people can break free of the parks and escape the walled gardens.A Better FutureThey could reclaim their rightful ownership of the frontier, and rebuild stronger, more independent communities, even better than before.Free CommunitiesLiberated from control, they could express themselves freely, collaborate on decisions, and determine their own future.Back HomeThe frontier could finally regrow into a dynamic world of diverse, prosperous, and independent online communities.
Explains why none of my job apps were ever acknowledged.
So, where is profit for groups like XviD?
All this talk about NATs as an alternative to Kafka with no mention of Redpanda s Zookeeper-less alternative written in modern C -
For someone so value sensitive, what is keeping you in SFO inspite of the insanely high rents? That s money down the drain unless you can justify it.
FUD. You don t know if or when or how this would ever be implemented, and wild-ass claims about what could happen given any number of dubious preconditions don t get more plausible just by making them scarier. Are iPhones and YouTube so crucial to democracy that you get a free pass to make shit up? Fuck no.Selectively describing parts of an obscure patent application 20110128384 filed years ago 2009 and whipping it into a frothy story about how the sky is falling is lazy and sloppy journalism. If you want a find a real threat to democracy, start there.
Microsoft already lost that money that is, it s already been accounted for on the books . They re probably all profit from here on out.As an aside, Nintendo hasn t ever lost.
There s . Not sure it s current.
These are all of my personal tech political blog archives over the past 24 years. Not proud of everything there, but fuck it - there it is.
I think greasy is a better word for it..
So that s why they held onto Canada...
Are you trying to claim based is from some random subreddit
It would have to be a disruptive model for sure...
By default yes, though I worked on a codebase which was ported from M68k to SPARC which had a lot of misaligned memory access. You could opt into having packed structs with pragma pack and avoid the runtime error by compiling all the code with --misalign.As I recall, this had a performance penalty since memory reads writes are now byte-by-byte. Also it could make code which assumed atomic reads writes of 32 bit quantities go awry.
I have worked for 3 years on a project where it took a whole week to get the code compiled, signed by an external company and deployed to the device so that I could see the results.I just learned to work without compiling for a long time. Over time my productivity increased and the number of bugs fell dramatically.Working this way requires you to really think about what you are doing, which is always a good idea.This was over a decade ago and now I work mostly on Java backends and I am happy that I typically spend days or even weeks without ever compiling the code and that it usually works the first time I run it.I can t think how I could get back. It looks really strange to me to observe other developers constantly compiling and running their code just to see if it works. It kinda looks as if they did not exactly understand what they are doing because if they did, they would be confident the implementation works.The only time when I actually run a lot of compile execute iterations is when I actually don t know how something works. I typically do this to learn, and I typically use a separate toy project for this.
He isn t saying the bolt is prior art. He is saying that the existence of the bold implies that the concept is obvious.
Well, some stuff you can buy only online.Anecdote I tried to market my own dietary supplements in the US for a while. Unfortunately I am poor in marketing but many customers loved it. I bought all the ingredients from a supplier, had it mixed in California and shipped to a company that can package it. For a slight taste I needed a tiny amount of sucralose. Did not want to buy a huge amount. So I ordered it on eBay. I asked the guy to send me a CoA and he did. It said Manufacturere Spectrum and Food grade. Unfortunately I knew that Spectrum was not selling this as food grade. Sure the guy could have made his own tests but how likely is this? I just trashed it and bought it somewhere else. Should have used Stevia anyway.
With half the term remaining, teachers of seniors received a notification that they would not be allowed to fail students unless they filled out a form right then and there declaring that the student was certain to receive an F.I think that OP is misconstruing the reasons behind this notification requirement. This notification has to do more with a cover your ass policy than lowering expectations for seniors.The California Education code 1 requires school districts to develop procedures to notify parents of a failing grade. All the CA districts that I worked for had some procedures in place for when and how notify families of failing grades in response to this law. From a quick search, it seems that SFUSD policies 4.2.5 2 and 4.2.6 apply in this case. The policy clearly states that teachers have to notify parents of grades either 1 or 2 times during the semester i.e., mid-semester report cards-if you went to school in CA you will remember receiving those .It seems that OP s school was on a 9-week reporting period, requiring teachers to notify parents of grades mid-semester and that their school added a requirement of filling out an additional form outlining that the student was in danger of failing the class specifically for seniors probably because most families stopped looking at report cards for seniors . This form is required to be in compliance with the CA ed code as parents have the right to appeal failing grades and not being notified is probably an enough reason for the district to change a failing grade to a passing one in case of a lawsuit complaint.I would imagine that failing a class is more high stakes for seniors than other students, so they have more paperwork involved for seniors if you want to fail them. Families might be more litigious if a student ends up failing a class required for graduation. It is simpler to complain to the board suing that having to repeat a school year.The bottom line is that the CA ed code gives teachers final say in grades and even the superintendent cannot change a grade without the teacher s consent. On the other hand, the CA ed code gives some rights to parents to appeal grades and has some notifications guidelines so they shouldn t be surprised of failing grades. OP will be able to fail as many seniors as they want, but they just have to notify their families that they are in danger of failing the class at some point before the end of the semester. At the end of the day, if they have enough evidence for failing a student that would stand up during a public board meeting lawsuit , notifying the student s family 9 weeks before the end of the semester shouldn t be too much of a burden.Links 1 2
Yep. Then you look at wealth distribution and it all makes sense.Mississippi s Gini coefficient is around .49, where the UK is around .34.
I just rewatched the new Dune, and disagree with my previous assessment. I enjoyed the movie a lot more the second time around.Perhaps I had preconceived notions the first time I did watch Lynch s version immediately prior . Perhaps also as others have mentioned I didn t catch all the dialogue as it is quieter than the score in many sections, this time I had the subtitles on.The cinematography is great, there are way more wide context shots than I remembered. I also felt the magic was there and there is a dreamlike quality during Paul s spice vision scenes. I m honestly not sure why I didn t enjoy it the first time.If you are like I was and ambivalent about the sequel, maybe give this movie another go. I ve changed my mind and now looking forward to seeing part 2.
OPAM was released in 2013 and I recall it being mainstream by 2014. Maybe I am overstating the pain, but I ve jumped through hoops for plenty of languages, and OCaml stands alone here. As somebody who s pretty good on the command line and at solving installation issues, the thought of a junior developer trying to get started with OCaml gives me shivers probably another impetus for Facebook s Bucklescript .
So if nobody can enter it how did it create itself in the first place ?
I like it and am doing something similar on a hobby django project , but will this be hard to maintain? Say you re spinning up a new non-heroku server or three. Are there good tools for moving the env variables without making mistakes?
I m not entirely sure on this, but I believe that what we re seeing is the WASM runtime allocating memory for its potential needs, but not totally using it all.The entire filesystem, all the executables, all uploaded files, and all database data lives in memory in the virtual filesystem. I think we could trim down the default allocation but it might actually be meaningless anyway that GB won t steal real RAM unless it fills up inside the environment.Someone can probably check me on this, but if my memory serves me right this is what s going on.
Not just a little dated, a lot of the examples are targeting 8086, 286, 386 or 486 CPUs, and EGA or Standard-VGA graphics cards you know, those with 0.2MB ram running on 16-bit MS-DOS. Back then this was a goldmine of tricks.But I m sure the algorithm parts are still relevant.
But most of the put will go through in the end, only the ones that chose to go the long way round will be the actual loss. Barring any delay discounts of course if that is a thing .
well, i started coding in 1st grade logo, then basic but this was a summer program hosted by Johns Hopkins. It was highly theoretical - we learned about DFAs, NFAs, epsilon-NFAs, and turing machines.
Why is equal representation of races and genders not realistically possible?Because, realistically, to achieve equal representation, people would have to forced into careers they are not interested in.
does it support offline maps offline navigation? why don t they support offline maps? it s not like they have to pay royalty fees to support it when they own it end to end.
Vox recent uploaded a video about that topic arguing that might not happen
Hi Ping! I miss you a lot! The primary representation of Dercuano is a giant blob both to improve the chances that copies of it will survive after I m dead and to more clearly establish a publication date for purposes of patent prior art. The PDF isn t very good I hacked together a PDF-rendering script with reportlab in five days before the deadline, and even the CSS for the HTML version is pretty amateurish but there are a variety of places that can view or archive PDFs but not tarballs of HTML.There s also an online mirror at which allows linking to pages like but of course that depends on Microsoft s pleasure.See also for the sequel.
Yup. And started using captured Panzerfausts to make flank progress from basement to basement. Blasting through walls.The list of Red Army improvisations and peculiarities during WW2 is huge and impressive, with several of them having significant impact Later war, setting off kerosene fires on their tanks at the start of action, which made enemy gunners think the tank had been knocked out. Why is the dead tank moving? might seem obvious, but remember it s not uncommon for a knocked out tank to continue to advance, even with the crew mulched. So, short of ammo, which the Germans most certainly were, no one risked a follow up shot . . until the Russian machines were on top of them. It also turned out that sunflower oil worked great as bolt lube, and although the Ivans were basically starving the entire time, Red Army always seemed to be able to find sunflowers. Grenade improvisations several ingenious incendiary layouts and formulations including many with powdered aluminum and elemental sodium more than a few molotovs had mixes that when ignited were basically chemical weapons harnessing fish? hooks to thrown grenades to catch on netting and slats, to explode higher against embrasures improvised shape charges from recovered plastic explosive reverse-engineered from Faustpatrones wooden cases for mines and incendiaries to evade magnetic sweeps. There s more artillery improv than I could list here. The Red Army seemed much more canny with smoke and flare than the Wehrmacht did, perhaps because the German infantry had a very strong reliance on offense and, well, shooting straight. Red Army made no such assumptions. Probably the best known arty invention is the double-usage of corps-level artillery like the 152 mm ML-20 as self-propelled assault guns that accompanied smaller groups as surprise antitank guns or as good old fashioned bomb tossers. A surprising number of life s problems can be eliminated by yeeting 50 kgs of high explosive at them. The 7.62 25mm Tokarev was is an extremely spicy pistol round, and made the massed SMG fire of Red Army conscripts as much as 20 longer ranged than the enemy s 9 19mm equivalent. Not until the 7.62mm Kurz would some German infantry have better automatic fires at the individual level although German GPMGs - specifically the MG-34 and particularly the MG-42 - were almost certainly the best of the war . Konev was aware of this range difference between PPD PPSH PPS and MP40, although he felt that the Russian round s advantage was in greater cover penetration which, honestly, he might have been right on that, busting cover creates a lot of secondary fragmentation - see also youtubes re could you survive in a shot up car . You know what they say about imitation Wehrmacht troops would fill their hands with PPDs at the first opportunity, which says a lot. The overpowered 14.5 114mm anti-tank rifle PTR series stayed relevant long after the equivalents in German using 7.92x94mm Patronen and British using .55 Boys service passed into obsolescence, and was pressed into all sorts of usages anti-aircraft, extremely long range anti-personnel, and what we would today call anti-materiel radio masts, landing lights, map boxes, fuel dumps Something more tactical they started doing towards the end of the war was to fight out an enemy unit but leave a tunnel through the envelopment. While it seems inferior to destroying the force, the Red Army found that destruction of a unit that started in good fighting trim was generally not worth it, and you would be better off having them route losing heavy equipment, fuel, and most weapons into their supporting units, where they would dilute stores. It s one of those little tweaks that shows just how much freedom Stalin was giving his commanders towards the end of the war. He d come down on the entire country like a ton of bricks after the surrender, of course, and the Red Army would wait another fourteen years for their revenge on Beria. Death of Stalin is not a documentary, but it gets the rhythm exactly right, even if it s tightly compressed.Reading about WW2 s Eastern theatre is always frickin haunting to me, no matter how jaded I think I am. I know we ve had recent campaigns fought at that intensity - Fallujah comes to mind, Shahikot valley too - but nothing that went on and on and on with millions of people for years and years without pause. Two peoples, each bent on the other s destruction. Like Rwanda with white people pre-1945 Europeans did not dick around. I should say pre-nuke Europeans. Human-powered genocide got obsoleted right quick in 1945.
I m starting to get there though.
I suspect that s a problem specific to your stove model.As you visit friend s places, see if they have different brands of inductive stovetop, and try them out if they do.Also maybe try a pot with a thicker ferrous base?
NEMA s debt-service coverage ratio, which measures the ability of a property s cash flow to pay its debt, has been below 1 since 2020, a troubling sign for the ability of the developer to control the building.The cap calculation on the property has also been fixed by cutting the price in half, but more importantly a new commercial owner would at least be able to service a loan based on the new value.. While the cap rate could be such that expectations are insufficient for debt service, I think that means there are no realistic buyers.
Did he meet any interesting Trinidad and Tobagoans? Or is it Trinidadian and Tobagon?
Many good points. I agree with essentially everything you ve said, especially regarding relative perplexity.I m aware that I was aggressively overselling an unnuanced and overstated position on 4-bit and especially 3-bit performance. That was partially a rhetorical tactic to swing the pendulum the other way, as it were.And partially it was simply frustration with the number of threads I ve seen in the past week of LLaMA drama spreading misinformation about bit precision like a 16bit 13B model surely outperforms a 4-bit 30B model which could not be further from the truth. That frustration is my own responsibility to manage and I understand that.
Even if people want it will they be able to get it because of regulations?
The really wide definition seems to be mostly from economic organizations from what I could find. Which makes me question their interests here.
Can you please provide an example of a single unregulated market?Free markets do not exist. Capitalism does not exist. Socialism does not exist. Communism does not exist. Humans seem to be completely incapable of implementing any such systems. Human systems invariably seem to become oligarchies and or fascism.As regards your assertions of monopoly, a monopoly is essentially impossible without either a state apparatus to exploit. Otherwise, the moment money were made in any given industry, competition would result. Only via regulatory barriers to entry or via corporate welfare can a monopoly be built and maintained for any serious amount of time.
What s extremely insulting is believing that all forms of autism are just societal misunderstandings that need no therapeutic interventions for the individual with ASD.I d very much like to hear what your definitions of autism are, for the classroom to see, because I m sure it d be illuminating. also no one is really presenting the argument you re arguing against here, but cool. The terms and language you re using here at best suggests you re extremely ignorant and at worst suggests that you clearly hate or hold a lot of stigma against autistic people not the preferred nomenclature and see them as a societal ill. That s what a lot of people are pushing back against.
This was already posted a few days ago. It s all a matter of perspective though. People see the JFDI speed as piling on technical debt. Others see it as agile or lean.Personally, speed is a matter of motivation and dedication on how much you want done per unit of time.
I do this with all my websites. At the end of the day, a custom font just isn t very important for the vast majority of sites.I d say a custom font isn t important for any site. Except perhaps a font fountry showcasing their wares.I do wish OS and or browser vendors added more agreed system fonts though pre-installed and ready to go . So that we have a selection of say 100 fonts guaranteed to be on Windows, macOS, Linux, iOS, Android, FreeBSD... I guess adding emojis anually is more important...
Unlike with the trademarks Apple does not need to demonstrate brand confusion. With Design Patents they need to demonstrate is that a Galaxy S is substantially similar to the design of an iPhone. The copy does not have to be exact for the patent to be infringed. It only has to be substantially similar.
By heat recapture do you mean heat pumps and insulation?I personally include heat pumps in the heating category, and yes most houses are probably under insulated. Insulation can lower the air con load also.
Do you have to mine for proof of stake, or is simply owning the underlying asset enough to generate interest on the investment?
Or if you d rather not fork, check out this write up of an approach to getting Orgzly to sync via termux and Tasker
I wonder who will draw the line between right wing hate speech and islamic terrorist propaganda, for example. You have to draw the line somewhere, who s going to draw it? Who is going to enforce it? The current system is arguably not great but I fear that its replacement will be worse.
The increase is quadratic.In that case UTC has the same problem steadily increasing numbers of leap seconds till we run out of places Wtimes to put them , so we may as well have a less defective timekeeping system in the mean time.
Seems like an interesting idea. I also wonder why the max contents of a JSON object is 1400 bytes, that seems kind of limiting. UDP can do 65,507b of content...
In the ideal world, people should be empowered to be able to retrieve what they are looking for when they need it people pull and filter information, rather than being pushed information . The reason we can t realistically do it right now is due to marketing effort manifested into spam, which turns it into a very difficult technological problem.I would still feel derisive about marketing as a field due to that reason. Marketing nowadays seems to focus on overwhelming the audience and hope they makes bad decisions.
I m so torn on if I should buy APPL.They have a Nike Coke kind of grip on the market. But that kind of stuff can flip on a dime if Apple begins to be not cool . They have survived releasing bad products butterfly keyboards and bad antennas . They survived from being the cool thing young adults use and migrated over to the phone your mom uses.I really can t see any obstacles for their domination of the Veblen good tech market. And that market is incredibly profitable, where Asus has significantly tighter margins.I ll probably end up buying some total market ETF since even 100k in a good performing Apple is only 7-15 per year, 7k-15k... but the risk is insane. Even when I bought Google after the Bard PR flop, I still only made a 10 return in 2 months, and I probably had heart palpitations doing it.
That s an idea - could the vote be summarized in the title?
The 4 walls they get are literally a single room.Theoretically yes.In practice, no.I ve dealt with heroin addiction in my family, believe me when I say that privacy is not the solution, the solution is giving people a purpose outside of their constant quest to find ways to shoot up.As I said, 4 walls can be beneficial, unless it s 4 walls to hide and keep everybody else out, except their dealers.I m all for reducing the damage, it works, but it doesn t mean simply giving them a hone, it means giving them a home to go back to, after they did something useful outside of that home.The 4 walls should represent going back to a normal life. If the place is so roach infested and you fight bed bugs others bring in and you constantly lose everything you own to the conditions of the building, then in what mind would that have better outcomes than on the street?if addicts cared about that, there would be no problem.
You must eat 0.76 eggs a day to match the results of the study.
At some point you need to assert some tough love and force them to do things they don t want to do. Like work. Or not drink do drugs.Your thinking is essentially the tough on crime mentality Blindly lock people up until they behave the way you want them to. That s how the US ended up with the largest per capita prison population in this solar system and absolutely fucking nothing to show for it.Tough on crime has failed. Spectacularly so. I wonder for how many more decades one can keep running in the wrong directions with fingers in their ears, telling themselves that approach will start working any day now.Worse, your proposed punishment may actually constitute an improvement in living condition to the people you re trying to punish Off to free meals and a warm bed I go! . Are you really willing to spend lots of money imprisoning people to give them what you could have given them for way cheaper, just so you can tell yourself you re punishing them? At that point one might as well stop pretending one has anyone s best interests in mind and admit to pettiness.
brilliant!
Almonds are a drop in the bucket, compared to the sacred cow s that is meat.It s just a tad bit more than NPR s trying to lose weight by cutting your fingernails .
Because money is fungible, you can pay more tax or you can give more to charity. The answer is very pertinent because of this
Seems like a LIDAR problem.
That helps the public good too.
I have been thinking for a while that it was only a matter of time until bands started moving towards recording and publishing a fewer number of songs at a time due to digital sales. Albums make sense when you have to press a physical medium and distribute it across the country world, not so much with a purely digital distribution.The making of individual tracks also works well with pop music and its mentality, actually, it makes tons of sense, cutting costs by only writing and recording a few songs and spoon feeding it to the radio stations and the general public. The move away from albums is a total shame from an artistic view point. You d never end up with masterpiece albums like Dark Side of the Moon with bands recording a few tracks at a time. I also connect so much of a band and their era s by albums too. Metallica and their change with the black album and everything after that. Even when I download new music today, I acquire full albums to hear everything else the band has made. I m not looking forward to the day it s mostly individual tracks!
Thanks for the clarification.His snark aside, neither bleach nor ammonia are illegal, and require approximately zero skill to combine and deploy in confined spaces.Actually, I ll just shut up and let rsync respond if he chooses. I get a little excitable when things like this come up on HN because I love hearing the discussion of pragmatists which I believe comprises much of HN on the subject.
I believe 999 is the third number.
Might want to throw your 1 in this AWS thread Add SPDY protocol support to ELBs
I think the distinction is we have 50X more clothing to wash. And it s partly because washing is so easy. I have a family of four and spend a lot of time folding clean clothes.
So, basically, someone s broken regex can be a viable business model. Pretty crazy.
You can do similar with e.g. elastic beanstalk. You still need a metric for autoscalers, but overall the scaling works well. Probably worse for high-burst sorts of traffic though.
Between your posting this comment three times and ignoring the many requests at I think this is enough and have banned your account.If you change your mind, you re welcome to email hn ycombinator.com and give us reason to believe that you ll use the site as intended.
I don t even understand the threat model for this, and why it s better than the fingerprint sensor built into the laptop. Seems like it s just writing the software elsewhere. What s up with the micro Yubikeys always left in a usb port operable by anyone made even less sense, so a step up.
Your right about capital being an issue but worker coop members don t work for free, or at least when I worked for Poptel I did not..You can raise capital via other means and even take investment just have to stay below 50 1Not all worker coops have an ante like Mondragon does
Hell, it probably applies to Amazon the retailer, not AWS .That s perhaps the most genius thing in the Amazon system the actual amount of cash bound in warehoused inventory is negligible - they only have the risk for stuff they directly sell. For all the other products, the sellers are on the hook towards the manufacturers.Essentially they are an online Walmart with next to zero of the risk a real Walmart has because most of their inventory risk is shifted towards the sellers ...
Audi started making this an option in 2008 2007? on their A8 line and was followed by Fisker and Toyota on the Prius. i don t think any of them have it as an option any more. It s just not effective enough.
Yeah, I noticed that too. I thought the whole lot was unbelievably funny back when I was a kid, now in the same boat as you.
Because if you invest 500k, you get information rights, and a significant number of votes. If you invest 5k, you get nothing, No - not at all.First, there is no such thing as information rights .Second - when you invest - you get shares. Those shares have 3 rights generally votes , dividend rights and liquidity preference Those rights differ depending on class of shares and specifics of the deal.Whether you invest 5 or 5 million - it could very well entail the exact same terms.For example, most later stage investors do not get enough votes to influence the outcome, they don t get a seat on the board, and they don t get any real liquidity preference.
and a rumble seatWhat?
On Linux, you can try Xephyr It s not as nice as DeskPad, but you can basically achieve the same thing.
Nice! A paper by Michael Fischer of Multiflow fame. I have one of their computers in my garage. Thanks!
FYI You can take over the indent hooks to make them do whatever you want, in the major programming modes. For a while in js2-mode, I had my own indent hook to get around something it was doing weirdly. More importantly you can of course rebind or unbind tab or all indent functions! to your heart s content. Through a combo of custom indent functions and .dir-locals.el files in each project, I ve been able to navigate between space tabs projects with different indent styles.
From what I ve seen, rent is comparable to London when you take things like location and access to the city center into account.Agreed that restaurants and food are expensive. Selection is smaller than somewhere like London, but with a population 10x lower that s to be expected. Size-wise Zurich is more like Birmingham. If you take local cuisine differences into account I don t think it s that different.Crime, taxes and pollution are also much lower. It really depends on your priorities.
There is a good chance you have an election today - go vote!NGP VAN - Washington, DC and Boston Somerville, MA Software Engineer DC QA Analyst or Engineer Boston DevOps Engineer DC UX Designer Boston Software Engineering Interns Boston or DC UX Design or Engineering Interns Boston NGP VAN is the world s leading political technology firm, providing campaign and organizing technology to Democrats, progressives, and non-partisan organizations. We offer an integrated platform that combines the best fundraising, compliance, organizing, and digital products available. We built the voter contact and volunteer management tools used by Obama for America. Nearly every State Democratic Party in the United States distributes our VoteBuilder tools to Democrats up and down the ticket, and we provide industry-leading organizing tools that enable labor unions, environmental groups, pro-choice advocates, civil rights activists, and progressive political parties to win their campaigns around the world. Our fundraising and compliance software is used by the majority of Democrats from the Presidential level on down, and our fast-growing digital platform has become the most-used toolset for Democratic campaigns as well.NGP VAN has been recognized as one of the fastest growing companies in America by Inc. Magazine for seven years in a row, and one of the top 50 fastest growing companies in the DC area by both the Washington Business Journal and SmartCEO. We are a successful and growing company with a passion for our employees career advancement. We are an open-minded, flexible workplace that values learning and contributions of many different kinds.Company Site are open to interviewing across a pretty wide range of experience levels. Hit me up at dmiller at ngpvan dot com for more info or to apply. I m the VP of Engineering here.Keywords ONSITE INTERNS
The value is that the generated program is then accessible in the app, so you can use it at the gym for example. I admit it might not be explicit enough
Serious question how is Krita a Photoshop killer and GIMP not one?
Setting a target weight for a height is BMI. Which i still contend is a crap measurement. Have decent muscle mass, you re obese. Live a sedentary lifestyle but hit the weight target? Perfectly healthy.So stupid.
everything is political nowadayI think you mean polarized . And polarization is happening only in some societies, mostly in the anglosphere.In many other places society was much more polarized 50 or 60 years ago.
I don t see the binaryification of the web platform happening any time soon if ever . The web is and should remain fundamentally about the transmission of documents. Javascript DOM allows for the dynamic updating of said documents, and this is what the main thread asynchronous event loop is all about. For all heavy lifting, the logic should go into worker threads, where there isn t any DOM access anyway. I think a decent rule of thumb is that WASM modules should generally only be used in these kinds of off-the-event-loop types of worker threads. See for my implementation of a new kind of web application platform where these kinds of ideas can start becoming a reality.
I ll give you an example from my own life that meditation and therapy helped clear up for me.In my 20s, I would routinely get into yelling and screaming matches with girlfriends. There were two significant driving forces behind that - that is how my parents interacted. Things are good, someone screws up, everyone yells at each other for a while, and the next day it s as if nothing happened. There were addictions involved...- because it was the family dynamic I was used to, I was naturally attracted to people with similar disagreement-resolution styles.I started down this path when I met someone awesome now going 10 years strong , and she came from a family that uhhh wasn t quite as messed up as mine. We d have a disagreement, I d yell, and she would shut down. She basically told me that if I didn t stop trying to argue like that, she d be gone.So I started figuring out how to take something I was upset about and generally stay calm enough to discuss it, but the anger was still there, I was just suppressing it. Turns out, when I did that consistently, I started to go emotionally numb. Sure, I didn t fly off the handle when I was upset, but I also didn t find much joy in anything either which I had before! What I basically concluded one night was that I had effectively found my volume knob and I had turned it down too much. Therapy and meditation encouraged by the therapist helped me work through all the baggage that came from my weird childhood and helped me get that volume knob dialled in.Now I have wonderful joyful experiences, and when my partner and I have a disagreement about something, we can resolve it calmly. I don t think I ve yelled at a single human being in probably 8 years.Objectively happy vs. objectively miserable? I don t know if objective applies since I didn t collect any data . But, if nothing else, I would wager my cortisol and other stress hormone levels are waaaaaaay down compared to how things used to be.
In the US, both east and west coast, my wife was never told anything like this. In both scenarios, the OBGYN doctor group had a rotation of doctors on call. You likely will not get your specific doctor, but my wife was seen by every doctor in the OBGYN group over the course of the pregnancy.Lots of resources were provided for vaginal childbirth, and the hospital had dedicated birthing suites with hot tubs and yoga balls and all sorts of equipment you could use. There was zero pressure once admitted too to take medication.However, the fetal heartbeat monitor or whatever they strap to the mom is annoying as hell because it slips off constantly since it is positioned on a rounded belly and a nurse constantly having to come in to adjust it because I presume the hospital is covering its ass from liability.
It doesn t even have to be truly random, just random enough . If you were to use a passphrase like Use 5 or 6 words and the problems listed here vanish , that wouldn t be random per se, but for an attacker it might as well be.
The amount of virus exposure is quite differentThat s what the CDC previously said! This post is you agreeing with the CDC.
I came here to write exactly this, but after logging in, saw your comment. Comcast and AT T are exactly the kind of companies who aren t going to invest a dime in any kind of customer convenience features besides an automated bill payment system.
with something like puppet, yeah
I ll just share an anecdotal experience Earlier this year before COVID , I interviewed with Microsoft, as they were looking for people with security clearances to work on Azure services. I apparently passed at least one of the four interviews, as they made me an offer. However... the offer contained minimal details on what I would be working on or doing, just a vague description that it was an Azure infrastructure service team. The recruiter himself didn t have any information to answer my questions. If I were just coming out of college, I d be fine with that level of unknown, but as someone with about ten years of experience and who knows what he likes to work on, I wasn t going to take the risk of ending up on a miserably boring project again .
I didn t know about this. For those that are looking
True, if it is a relatively small support operation. This would be harder to do with larger companies that had separate addresses for billing questions, service problems, troubleshooting, etc. If every outbound message had a singular live reply-to email address, then you d need someone to sift through all those and route to the appropriate department.
I would say yes, with the volatility of bitcoin, at this stage in its life, it is considered a high risk asset. It doesn t have the historical precedent to be considered a safe asset, like other commodities
This level of diligence is why when I state something on the record, I m always always right. Warning sign 1 If there s anything I can do to protect the health of my employees and their families, shouldn t I just close the fucking spreadsheet and do it? Asking to use emotion instead of reason - check And fuck you, Papa John Insult or ad-hominem - check I m going to have to work even harder to raise more money Call for self sacrifice. We re done there.This is at best a populist opinion, and NOT a reasonable analysis, as per the author own suggestion to use emotions instead of reason.Also, when someone tells you about 100 accuracy, think about Dunning Kruger cognitive biais. If I made the wrong business decision, I m an idiot but fewer people will get sick. If I made the right decision, I m a genius and fewer people will get sick Hey genius - that s assuming the medical care paid for will have a significant effect. Modern medicine treat all kind of things, but for some we ve just not found the right answer yet. And I sleep quite well.
Probably because it causes the least noisy syntax. But I think it s a mistake. A language that lets you freely choose between using values and references should make it very clear at the call site which one is being used.This one feature has caused more bugs in my Swift code than anything else. For frequently used types I can remember whether they are structs or classes. But for new code written by others or my own code when the design isn t quite settled yet, I need every syntactical clue I can get to avoid mistakes.This is not the only place where Swift goes with clean syntax at the expense of local clues that help readability. Result builders are another example.
I ditched Signal in favour of WhatsApp given I believe the tech behind it was the same and the fact that a lot of my contacts are already on WhatsApp. The NYT article indicates that WhatsApp is still able to collect more information than Signal does collect.
Nice post. Would love to more about your application of Akka Cluster -- it s far and away the most interesting part of Akka to me, and something we have plans to build some very interesting systems on top of.
Offtopic tip. Buy a pc screen instead and attach a nvidia shield or your own box. I never return to normal tv screens again. I also like the more natural color feel of pc screens. Tv s are bloated with color filters, frame interpolators and more.
Can you illuminate me as to how I am using the term fact so casually ?The facts in this case are easy to discern they are numbers reported by NSW Police. The basis for those numbers is irrelevant the only fact here is a media release from the police containing certain statements, and the claims made by certain agencies reporting on that media release,
Nicely argued. I do agree that the compile times in Julia are annoying, and the debugger sucks, but I ve come to think of them as features rather than bugs reminders to, as you say in your note, stop and take a breath, a reminder that computers are actually very very slow and you should strive to emulate them by slowing down and stopping to skim HN while the operator puts your punch cards in the card reader and your output will show up on the line printer in a half hour or so, then you can go back to the keypunch and fix the typo and recurse.
My editor is setup to automatically trim trailing spaces. When I edit files from other devs in the group, it s not uncommon for my commits to have whitespace removal in addition to code changes. I really don t think that s a big deal.Now doing a code format to tweak indenting and brace positioning, etc., that should definitely be put into a separate commit.
Right? SpaceX is presumably in compliance with the requirements set out by the relevant licensing body, otherwise their noncompliance would be the lede. So the actual boogieman here would appear to be the licensing body.Blaming a licensee for loose licensing requirements seems obviously ridiculous... but that s just the D in MDS, now isn t it?
...to my knowledge there s been very little success in finding any early childhood characteristics that have a strong positive correlation to adult success...The Stanford Marshmallow study is one that springs to mind - delayed gratification in children correlates strongly with adult success course, one of the really interesting conclusions of that study was that children can improve their capacity for delayed gratification through practice.
I just went to upgrade to Windows 8 and was met with initializing checkout failed . thread above indicates that people can t call in either - MS and or their payment processors seemed to be overwhelmed by volume. No doubt this may be spun as a good thing , but selling out would be a better headline than no one could buy .I m flummoxed as to why one of the mega companies on the planet, with billions in revenue, and more than a year to prepare for a company-changing product rollout, can t accept payments for something on this scale.
Taking such a strong proselytizing stance when it comes to Antifa is not exactly a good look in my eyes either as the entire situation reeks of thinking Antifa only means Anti-fascist. I subscribe strongly to the horseshoe theory and Antifa is closer to those they purportedly fight against than most people are comfortable with admitting.But hey, that s the beauty and ugliness of federation I don t have to like it and I can just start my own server. On the flipside, it also means I need to be beholden to a considerable amount of social rules, some of them unwritten, if I want to federate with the majority of the servers out there. I know how it goes, I ve seen it first-hand when it comes to ActivityPub instances. That s how you get cliques.
Yes, but comparing those historic teams all 4 of which have won the highest prize in European football - the Champions League and IIRC at least 2 of those clubs have been represented in every world cup final I can remember to Brighton is silly - Brighton have punched so far beyond their weight it s scary.They aren t European heavyweights and still manage to recruit well enough that after selling their top players who were relative unknowns or were not highly rated valued still continue to thrive.Reminds me a bit of Southampton when they first came up, and Leicester after their title winning season - both clubs seemed to get picked apart year after year by the biggest clubs, yet keep on improving by bringing in yet more unknown or undervalued talent on the cheap.This isn t moneyball, it s much more than that. It s moneyball if the spending power of the Yankees wasn t limited to just the Yankees, but 5-6 other teams and there was no salary cap or luxury tax - and the punishment for screwing up isn t a top draft pick but instead relegation...and the competition has an unlimited spending cheat code. To think Brighton is swimming in cash compared to Newcastle owned by Saudi PIF , Chelsea owned by a PE firm that also spends heavily on other sports teams , Liverpool owned by a PE firm that also owns a baseball team and wants to buy an NBA team , Manchester City owned by Abu Dhabi royal family United owned by billionaires who own an NFL team, and part of the club is publicly traded , Arsenal owned by a guy who has 5 other pro sports teams AND married into Wal-Mart family money , etc... is madness.Conquered is the right term, because otherwise teams wouldn t be bidding stupid money on talent that Brighton is showcasing.
No problem. Soon there will not be that many fish left in the ocean so that won t matter any more.
Well, that theory also predicts that the universe can t exist for very long, which is a pretty big experimental inconsistency.Sure, but I don t need to appeal to this fact to know there s a problem that must be solved. The infinities are enough. Well, Maxwell s equations were relatively well experimentally verified by other experiments, so there were good reasons to at least tentatively accept their prediction of a constant speed of light in any rest frame as a given. Even if the Michaelson-Morley experiment was not big on his mind, it was still relatively clear that this type of experiment could be performed with technology already available at the time, as the speed of light had been measured with pretty good precision already for a few decades.But again, even if MM couldn t have been performed, Einstein still would have had good theoretical reasons consistency with Maxwell s equations to posit SR. And indeed, this was the path the discovery seems to have actually taken. So, SR was not some highly speculative theory based only on extrapolating other theories, as solutions that only address BHILP but not other problems of QM GR are currently.Sure, but this is a difference in degree, not in kind. You accept that theoretical arguments for new phenomena that are not directly testable at present are acceptable if they re convincing enough. The question about BHILP under this view which I agree with is then about how convincing the theoretical arguments are.Hossenfelder, taken literally, suggests that no theoretical arguments will ever good enough in the absence of empirical evidence.
Amy word on AMD support?
I have never been able to follow the logical step between this is pretty obviously a bad thing and but it s okay and everybody should shut up about it because it was common knowledge -- i.e. what we might have previously called conspiracy theories -- among some unspecified set of people who may or may not have been dismissed as tinfoil hat wearers .
Is there any particular reason you chose pedophiles as the architypical information criminal?
I m surprised they haven t added an ethernet port back to their router.
Don t generalise all of Europe without checking the statistics.Messenger is the most popular chat app in France, Scandinavia and most of Eastern Europe. WhatsApp has the rest. Except Viber in Serbia and Belarus. Messenger is Facebook Messenger, everyone who has a Facebook account has it, though not necessarily in use on their phone.
As for taxation, don t worry, soon enough they will be taxing electricity used to charge vehicles! Just take a look at the different tax rates on diesel for public vs farm utility ! - I m assuming it still differs significantly I m living overseas, but planning a return home
I continue to believe that Wikivoyage, the CC-licensed and Wikimedia-hosted fork of Wikitravel, holds great promise...I can t believe in Wikivoyage at all. Wikitravel has been flawed from the outset and forking into wikivoyage has succeeded in making two bad sites. Trying to apply travel to the current wiki model is not going to work. ...you d need to build a hybrid -- a Wiki for factual info, and unlimited personal reviews -- to get the best of both worlds.Tripadvisor does pretty much what you are describing, with a strong emphasis on selling you a hotel room, tour or whatnot. And it is a little light on factual information and heavy on fake opinion.Time for someone to build something better.
Sure, works for me everybody is lying. Great logic there
Stating a political preference is not hateful to anyone. Let s not lessen the meaning of the word hate.
Secondly, the 3rd items you list is actually a dark pattern. If you are going to ask users to review, let them be honest. Directing 5 stars to app store and 4 or fewer to an internal system is gaming the system.Sorry, but that particular pattern is 100 appropriate, IMO. If someone has a problem with my app, I absolutely don t want to send them to the reviews where they ll post a tech support review . Yes Apple finally got off their collective behinds and caught up to Google s Play Store in that developers can respond now to reviews, but it s still a terrible venue for helping people with an app. Send them to somewhere that they can get real help, and turn their mediocre to poor review into a positive review. If someone has a problem with an app, the odds are roughly 7x greater that they will post a bad review. People who are frustrated are just more likely to seek out the review process to vent their spleens. There s absolutely no reason for me to attempt to be fair by reminding everyone to review my app the haters will find the review button entirely on their own without my assistance.I might send 4-5 stars to the app store, but if they rate it 3 or less, then damn straight I m going to ask them what s wrong and not have them rate it. That s just common sense, not gaming the system.
For the same reason a web page can choose what font to use even of your ereader has a feature to change fonts.
Pure clown gold
This was brought to my attention through the excellent and highly recommended Operating Systems class 0 in Rust taught by David Evans. 0
The value prop is pretty straightforward in the open-source space allowing clients to choose to only trust binaries signed by N independent actors.That s the gossiping part unless you re independently contacting each of those independent actors, you re doing no more than 1-of-N.As I ve said in other comments can translates to won t in cryptographic contexts. Gossip does not matter if it doesn t have controls behind it. where most of the people who would previously be able to tamper with the build infrastructure are still able to do that without being detected.Could you provide an example scenario? Assuming the people you re referring to are Homebrew s own maintainers, this is not true tampering would require them to modify the workflow, which cascades to a change in claims, which in turn is detectable and is compelled to be detectable, thanks to both a transparency log and how the underlying identity construction works .
At one time or another, it s been far more than half. Trump losing the popular vote was daily news on left-leaning sites. From Hillary Clinton This was a fact. No one claimed that he lost the electoral vote and no one claimed that he didn t win based on the rules. In fact last year, a whopping 72 0 of Democrats thought Russians got Donald Trump electedIt is a fact that Russia interfered in the election and that they were responsible for hacking and leaking the Democrats private messages. It is also a fact that people close to Trump were convicted about lying about their communication with Russia. The opinion part comes in about whether it resulted in Trumps winning.I m also not clutching my pearls. I know that the US has a history of interfering with small d democratic elections across the world.
Also possible this is just automated translation. I used OpenAI for translation in a project and similar things happened.
If you are looking for realism, the single best advice I can give is that you need to practice drawing what you see vs what you think you see. Humans think in terms of icons and memes, but resist the urge.When you see a nose on a face, you ll want to draw an icon of a nose, with an outline. But resist, and really look at what you re seeing. A camera or a printer doesn t draw a nose, it prints a series of consecutive values that look exactly like a nose, and so should you. Outlining should be for reference and nothing else.If you get into the world of color, the same thing happens. When it comes time to color skin, for example, you go reaching for the meme color of skin. But really look at it you re a camera. That skin right there actually has blue in it. And yellow. And red. Stop seeing what you think you see, and see what is actually there.
I thought this was going to be a puff piece before I opened it but the most interesting thing--and perhaps this is posted elsewhere and I merely missed it--is it has basic Facebook financials. 2 billion revenue for 400 million profit gives a P E ratio of 125. That is simply nuts.Now I fully realize that the stockmarket is driven on the expectation of future value rather than the simpler view of the ability to produce income, which is why growth companies trade much higher than their P Es but 125? That s like the height of the dot.com era pricing.Remember at 600 million users, if you exclude those who are illiterate, have no access to computers or the internet, are infirm or simply too young, there s only so much bigger Facebook can actually get given 6 billion people on Earth you d exclude at least half of them .The counterargument to that is that Facebook has only scratched the surface of monetizing those users and I guess that might be true but I m also of the opinion that there isn t as much room to monetize as some seem to think.The usual MO for a VC-backed company is to go all out to build scale. They ll burn through millions of dollars to do it without concern for how to generate money. Why? Because once you have scale many things become easier, even possible.Facebook has scale and can only generate 400 million in profit a year and only a 20 profit margin? That s less than impressive.
yes. if you wanted to annotate your genome you could easily do it on your brand new macbook this is ram intensive, you probably need 32G . you d need a reference genome, like you d need a program like bwa to map your data.then use or something else to produce variants from the mapping results.then compare your resultant vcf file to something like dbSNP this point you can start generating a raw version of a 23andMe report.
All cat owners seem to have owned more cats than they started out with
There s a lot of things that you do via an API besides downloading batches of data. So if you have an API call for downloading data, should you also have a download CSV link powered by that API? Sure and that s what the article claims. So I m in agreement so far.But that s not all that APIs are, or are used for. For everything else, all of their complaints are still valid bad user experience, authentication is usually a PITA, docs are often poor non-existent in a different language. But there isn t an easy solution for those like in the download batch of data case. So I think it would make more sense trying to find something that helps those situations, too. Definitely include a download link where possible, but don t stop there.
From what I ve observed, SPAs will never close the performance gap with a MPA server-rendered page. Even if you could, the effort required would not be worth it.It feels like the performance was one of the key selling points of stuff like Gatsby, but in reality it scored absymaly on all metrics compared to a vanilla WordPress installation on a 5 DO droplet.
Want to see this in action? Create near-identical profiles on any job site frequented by recruiters, one profile male and another female. Your male account, fictional or not, will get a measurable amount more attention and see more outreach.
Or flying recharge stations where appropriately sized drones carrying a new set of batteries not necessarily all of them would dock with the aircraft, push the new batteries into a receptacle while taking the old ones on board, then separate from the plane and land to the closest ground station for recharging until next plane to service.
Mozilla DeepSpeech is rapidly maturing, but it needs thousands of hours of validated audio data to train each language. Its a feat that with only 2000 hours of audio they can achieve a 5.97 word error rate.Baidu had 5000 hours of audio data to train their DeepSpeech and DeepSpeech 2 models, meanwhile Google, Microsoft IBM have people constantly giving them fresh audio to train and validate their models with.Firefox Voice data should help rapidly expand the Common Voice audio corpus beyond the 1492hrs it currently contains
Yeah, same, I would also hang out with smokers during their smoke break at a job, despite the fact that I have never really smoked 1 . At that job, most of the higher-ups smoked and I figured it might be useful to be part of the under the table discussions. 1 Outside of half a cigarette when I turned 18 which I thought was pretty gross.
POSTs are not by definition idempotent. You can make a server response to a POST be idempotent but when you want multiple identical requests to have different effects, POST is the method to use vs. GET, PUT, DELETE, etc.
Crusoe SWE, SRE, Hardware Firmware, Networking ONSITE SF Bay Area or Denver Boulder Full-time and is hiring engineers to build a high performance, carbon negative cloud platform. We re a series C company just raised 350MM 1.75B with a growing engineering team currently 15 looking for folks to align the future of computing with the future of the climate.Our stack GCP, K8s and related ecosystem , go, Typescript and React frontend.Job descriptions free to email me at mike at crusoecloud dot com if you re interested!
Nobody was interested in what mass murderers have to say. It just inspires more mass murderers. Did anyone read the manifesto of the New Zealand mosque killer? It was censored for a reason.
Right, I see what you re getting at. Just taking a slightly less trivial example from Intel s docs, and superficially comparing the assembly they generate to what LoopVectorization.jl can do, I guess there is some hope at least julia function simple! ys, xs avx for i eachindex xs ys i if xs i 3. xs i 2 else sqrt xs i end end end This generates vbroadcastsd, vpcmpgtq, vmulpd, vsqrtpd, vblendvpd and vmaskmovpd AVX2 instructions I don t have AVX512 . But more complex control flow does indeed not work the avx macro errors it can t handle it at the moment.
I m inclined to agree. Articles that are uncomplimentary of the industry ethos are few, and comments the criticize that ethos often see antagonistic replies or downvotes.There are plenty of people here who have their eyes open and maintain a broad view of tech and the world. But these people seem overwhelmed by those that have completely swallowed the industry koolaid.It s sad. I remember the fundamental optimism of the early days of IT . That s largely been replaced by smallest-feasible-product and monification.
Except if you re making vast amounts of hydrocarbon such as methane at a cost effective rate, then there s little real incentive for any of the electric stuff. Internal combustion stays viable effectively forever.
Yeah I did some math on that too but it s a bit more complicated than that.First of all, I don t trust a new fridge these days to last 10 years but I can easily see this one purring for another 20 with minor repairs.Secondly, this is a combo fridge freezer unit, with 2 compressors. New ones only seem to have one compressor, which makes them somewhat more efficient but if it dies, both my freezer and fridge die with it.And lastly, it s not my fault we re still burning coal I m planning to invest in personal solar...
Your statement immediately has a problem. How do you define success? Then you have a second problem when you state a person taking one test is also good on a different test.Going much over 100 has little correlation with wealth which is what most studies use. Then you run into correlation doesn t equal causation problem too.
The courts can only stop extraditions, not non-extraditions.Not sure what you are implying by that. An extradition is tried in a court if the person to be extradited does not want to be extradited . The supreme court tries the extradition against the legislation and then hands it to the government for decision 1 .I think you may be thinking about this passage from 1 Anser Högsta domstolen att det finns hinder mot utlämning, får regeringen inte bifalla framställningen. Regeringen kan dock neka utlämning även om Högsta domstolen inte har motsatt sig en utlämning i lagen anges nämligen att en person under vissa förutsättningar må utlämnas - inte ska utlämnas. It says that if the courts find that extradition is NOT legal, then the government may not extradite, but if the court recommends the extradition i.e. find it legal then the government can still deny it.So while it is true that the govrenment CAN in any situation reject any extradition - it is out of the question for a government to forego the court process. This would be known as Ministerstyre an action by a member of a government or a cabinet, which is to be interpreted - or can be interpreted - as dictating, or interfering with, the daily workings of a government agency, court of law or similar. .One can call that bureaucracy but the fact remains - the swedish government would just not do that. 1
3rd party support for UltraWideBand UWB tracking devices via Apple s U1 chip will be added later this spring -
If you need something like this to use k8s you re probably better off with a different solution.Kubernetes is not intended to be something you use with no background. It s hard, and without making a full blown PaaS there s no getting away from that complexity.
Offtopic, but I think that Rust memory model makes a perfect consumer of COM services May be it ll be integrated to other languages as an additional type system.
Yes, to use your slightly off description. But there s nothing wrong with that if the people offering the money understand what the expectations are before donating.
It s not ideology getting in the way, it s pure corruption. If the Republicans truly believed in free market competition, they would seek to end the agreements between ISPs and local governments that create monopolies. They would put a stop to the ISP s usage of the legal system to hamper competition Google and Nashville, for example . They would find ways to use federal money to incentivize people to create new ISPs, increasing competition.As it stands, though, the Republicans are doing none of that. Their only goal has been to undo Title II and then do nothing about the state of broadband access in the United States.Also Why is Title II so important?Because right now, it s the only tool we have to enforce NN. I d love to have more ISP choices and not have to rely on the government to ensure fair play, but money, politics, and business are a hell of a drug for people.
When cloud suppliers can update the proprietary software at will, there is no guarantee they won t add a parallel sync mechanism that is not E2EE.
From the simulations website A megawatt-hour of electricity is about the amount a household uses in a month. That is the elephant in the room. Our household of three adults can comfortably live on about one sixth of that amount.Who can tell me with a straight face that living comfortably on three times our electricity consumption is impossible, even in a harsher, less moderate climate? That alone would reduce US household consumption by 50 !I applaud Google for coming up with this tool. I also hope it will open its eyes to the feasibility of changing people s consumption patterns.
I ve been working on this since the first day Apple released the accessory information for an iPhone. It works quite well and even have some professional cyclists and triathletes test it. I ll be releasing the rest of the site and applications over the next few months. The plan is to have everything ready in March including availability at your local bike shop.
I m not a digital nomad per se but I think I found a good compromise. Instead of traveling often like he does and dealing with having to travel light and not having all of the conforts, I move to a different country every year or so while still keeping all my customers in the US.I find that it s the best of both world, I have time to discover any country I move to and really get to know the culture. It s also much easier on my clients because it s easy for them to know how to reach me and I m sure I always have a good internet connection.One thing I do recommend though is getting an expat health insurance like GMC, BUPA, A , AETNA, ... It s a bit of an expense I m in my 30s and pay 220 month with a deductible of 1200 year for coverage anywhere in the world except Canada and US but I think it s important for the peace of mind that it procures.
This was a few years ago so prices have changed on both sides. What I advocate is doing exactly what you did do a comparison with actual numbers and performance stats instead of hand waving that the cloud is always best.
Don t redact information with a blur filter! It can be reversed! Use solid color boxes.
Neat idea, though the lack of an Android client is disappointing is one in the works?
.DS_Store , or, how to tell if a ZIP file was created by a macOS user .
That is completely delusional. I am sorry to say this but promoting FOSS as an alternative to anything is to put it simply ignorant. Have not we learned from the OpenSSL fiasco ? Have not we done the same mistake with openjdk? Who do you think is paying for openjdk development ? Donations ? Dont make me laugh. These devs are not even earning an average wages for Europe not talking about avg salaries in the Tech Sector for the US. Filing bugs wont bring food on the table. Filing bugs wont pay for your electricity bills.I d love to hear about your myriad of ways companies profit out of making their software FOSS. For not so trivial things the contribution is minimal think compilers see eg RubyMotion.
There s also the problem that healthy young adults are generally very stupid when it comes to assessing risk. Sure, they re probably only at mild risk of days of debilitating hospitalization, but they re also going to be fairly careless about people at greater risk around them.Locking everyone up gives us a chance to gather data, prepare treatments, and find a way to protect those at risk. Letting spreaders run around carelessly will not make anything but the economy better.
Yeah, it s really not made for short distance
Until he gets hit by a bus or some cancer cells. Then what?
Why use Electron, and not something like GTK or SDL?
The comparison to JWST isn t really fair, as they are looking at completely different parts of the EM spectrum.
You don t get it. It s not about journalists vs. non-journalists.It s about skeptics vs. easily indoctrinated.Thankfully the proportions are about the same, there are about the same quantity of skeptics as well as easily indoctrinated people among every profession. including journalists. Skeptics however are a reationary bunch they show up with some delay compared to those who are easily indoctrinated.Also skeptics tend to criticize from 30,000ft whereas easily indoctrinated people have a deep need to elevate a guy and blindly follow him. Journalists who are skeptics were criticizing the whole crypto movement, whereas journalists who are easily indoctrinated were busy elevating SBF, CZ, Musk and every other cult figures in the space.That s the reason why you can t find skeptical articles on FTX and SBF, the skeptics did not write pieces on that, they were writing pieces critical of the whole movement, whereas easily indoctrinated journalists were low-key intersted in the movement but what they really wanted was to blow SBF, Musk and CZ.
Reddit has gone through many periods of regular unplanned downtime as they hit various scale issues over the years. It s certainly something to avoid, but not necessarily something that s catastrophic - like most decisions there are tradeoffs.
I believe this branch of TSMC is to ensure that the American supply chain for weaponry remains intact even if something happens to Taiwan.edit Apparently the plant is expected to be a 5nm fab
I m blown away this article, it is contrarian yet so logical. He comes across as extremly humble yet super smart, driven, and clearly a big winner despite his good luck. I also love the concept of knowing what you don t know , as entrepreneurs we must always be aware that we don t have to have the right answers just know how to get to that answer through others. I m jazzed!
I share your feeling. Bolt is excellent
You re still wrong.
I m a staff principal at a FAANG. My experience agrees with the other answers here that it depends specifically, on what the larger org or team needs from me at the moment. There is a chunk of consistent work, though, which is somewhat of a mix between an engineering manager and an IC.Like engineering managers, I am responsible for planning out a team s long term goals and reporting on them to senior management. Also like engineering managers I m responsible for hiring and evaluating technical talent, particularly the senior software engineers in our org plus people who are under consideration for promotion or hiring into my level.Unlike engineering managers, it s important that I do hands on work. This includes my own tech designs and coding, but much more reviewing the designs and code of others. I see my job as delivering technical artifacts through others. What s different between the principal staff role and the senior eng tech lead role is the levels of indirection. For a senior eng, you are generally owning the output of a team of people roughly 3-7 people, though it varies .At the staff principal level you work at the level of a team of teams, so your job is really to develop and mentor the tech leads of those teams. Occasionally you might be called in as a tie-breaker or to assist on some cross-team issue, but ideally that doesn t happen too often because the tech leads know their stuff and they d better because there is no way you can know the details of multiple team s worth of systems .
The NBA has heard of Facebook. The NBA probably had not heard of Occulus. They certainly have now. These are the kind of things that once the technology has matured a bit the Facebook association will really help out with.The idea that brands like NBA MLB NFL won t want to get in on selling people VIP VR Experiences is crazy. VR is going to be absolutely huge, it s the next truly disruptive technology.
How about canada annexes the US instead?
Apple s reputation has been sliding every year since Tim took over. At this point Apple can no longer rely on - the press painting them in a good light.- customers evangelizing its products.- hiring, and retaining, the very best talent in the valley.Some of the changes have also boosted sales. If you re sacrificing your ability to compete in the future, short-term profit is just operation was a success, but the patient is dead
Not the GP, but I m not a hacker, not rich, have a marginally IT-related job - but find the non-tech discussion on HN far better than most news discussion web sites.I do find it ironic for a commenter to be surprised at a lower-wage worker reading a thread about, per the title, blue collar wages. And that a thread with such a title inevitably turns into a discussion of programmer wages -
That s the impression I got. I ended up using the renamed one, after renaming it once again from tweetcoin1 to usetweetcoin.
I think the first paragraph of the parent may be correct, but I think the second paragraph is inaccurate and unnecessarily discouraging to young men who may be reading this. Here is my experience as a happily married man 1. Throughout my 20s and early thirties I was very, very unsuccessful with dating. I was shy, and lacked self-confidence. At age 32 I had had one partner, and a period from 27-32 with no relationships of any kind. I did go on a decent number of bad first dates during that period.2. In my early thirties, I continued to be shy, not conventionally attractive, etc. But I became comfortable enough with myself to keep at dating consistently and to realize that rejections often were not about me or didn t say anything bad about me . I continued to be well intentioned, sincere, conscientious, and generally decent. I came to understand who I was and what I was looking for better.3. After many bad first dates, and a few unsuccessful medium term relationships, I met my wife. She is conventionally attractive. It happened that we were perfect for each other in other ways. We had similar financial values, we had compatible senses of humor, we both liked camping and backpacking, and we could just talk and laugh together endlessly we still can to this day .4. We dated for a year and half, got married, had kids, and have a spectacularly fortunate alliance 10 years in.So, if my 32 year old self had read this thread, I would have been agreeing about apex predators and legalized polygamy and the general hopelessness of everything.But, I think there are many, many women who would love to meet and marry exactly the kind of decent, sincere, intelligent, thoughtful men who frequent HN. You just have to stick with it. You have to go on a lot of bad first dates. You have to be patient and not overly critical as you get to know people. You have to be looking for someone who is a really good match for you overall, and to whom you provide a lot of value.My sincere advice is this My 20s and early 30s were pretty awful in terms of dating. But if you meet someone wonderful for you at 33, none of that will matter in the long run. All that frustration will fade away, and you will be happy. So keep at it, even if dating really sucks most of the time.
People would still buy iPhones even if Apple decided to purge 99 of apps from their store.
I quite like using this distro for simplistic VMs as they have a small footprint and are very fast. An example may be to have some people in a workshop compile and run some code, or perform some networking tasks. As some here will know, having 10 Ubuntu VMs really starts to eat some disk space!
is it that hard to fathom that other people might have generally positive experiences with products and companies that you may consider warrant criticism?whatever valid criticism or discussion may exist regarding ad blocking policies, it doesn t change the fact that there are clear benefits to this service existing, even if those benefits comes with tradeoffs like watching ads or directly paying for the service. can t get everything for free, ya know!
Even though I broadly agree with what you ve written here ... the situation in question isn t really about NIST NSA response to FOIA requests at all.It s about whether the US government has deliberately acted to foist weak encryption on the public US and otherwise , presumably out of desire belief that it has the right need to always decrypt.Whether and how those agencies respond to FOIA requests is a bit of a side-show, or maybe we could call it a prequel.
If you buy your honey from the supermarket, that little plastic bottle of golden nectar has been heated, strained and processed so that it contains zero particulates, meaning that there s nothing in the liquid for molecules to crystallize on, and your supermarket honey will look the same for almost forever. If you buy your honey from a small-scale vendor, however, certain particulates might remain, from pollen to enzymes. With these particulates, the honey might crystallize, but don t worry if it s sealed, it s not spoiled and won t be for quite some time.I heard a different story. If you add sugar to honey which some vendors, small and especially large, do then it won t crystallize. There might be other reasons for honey being always in liquid state linked article talks about filtering , but I am quite sure that small vendors in my area don t use special filtering methods - more likely they add sugar to make extra money. Am I off the track to be always looking for honey that crystallizes?
I mean, they are destroying Russian tanks that are invading their country... you can t successfully paint them as equals when Russia started the fight by sending soldiers into Ukraine sovereign territory.
1 view 16 seconds 2 days after application was sent.
One of my Mastodon accounts. The other doesn t take money yet. Plus a national newspaper, and a bunch of people on Patreon and elsewhere. I m happy with the arrangements.
Me too - oop I understand - gotta get a grip on procs and lmbadas.....Best language I ever used and I was programming in Fortran iv on 80 column punch cards in 1972...
If you meant Cambridge Analytica, that wasn t an university.
Continue neuroscience research stop pretending psychologists and psychiatrists are more than cranks admit the pills don t work. Basically quit pretending that this is a science. The problems are not biological that can be solved by pills, the problems lie in society, not individuals.
The obvious solution is down 11 feet to the floor, 30 feet across the floor, and 1 foot up to the honey, for a total of 42 feet. Instead picture the room unfolded into a series of squares and rectangles and laid flat. Then use the pythagorean theorem to find the length of the diagonal that connects the ant and the honey while staying on a surface the whole way. You ll get 6 12 6 2 1 30 1 2 c 2 or c 40.
Wait until they find out about recursion then.
You could probably create one yourself with a raspberry camera, with added benefit you can mod it to make your own.
Actually the strongest claims about the gender imbalance from the nytimes article are And a 2006 study found that female academics in the life sciences Ms. Tariyal s field were filing about 60 percent fewer patents than their male colleagues. But when looking at the referenced research 1 , the methodolgy is One possibility is that men and women do qualitatively different kinds of research. In particular, if women are risk averse in their research choices 15 , there may be a gender difference in research Bpatentability. We believe such a difference would manifest in the extent of scholarly impact. To explore this possibility, we created a data set of the 23,436 articles published by the women in our sample and matched each paper by publication year with a randomly drawn article from the pool of male scientists_ papers. This yields a sample of articles with a 1 1 gender ratio. We then examined by gender and year, the average number of citations and the journal impact factor JIF of these papers. We found that the per-article mean citation count for male scientists is very similar to that of women table S3 . Moreover, the gender gap in average JIF actually favors women average JIF for male 4.06 average JIF for female 4.12 . Overall, there is no evidence that women do less important work based on standard measures of scientific impact. Which sounds like a way to measure the average quality of research via mean , not for comparing the highest quality research by males and females, which is what counts for VC investments and probably for patents - and which should have high correlation to risk preference of males females. 1
I would say intentionally designing a desk that is uncomfortable and will slow people down, and then passing it off as comfortable is unethical
I just don t get why the world needs another fabless arm embedded silicon company reliant on East Asian fabs. It s not like they re doing anything better than the others.Risc-V, special sauce, from a European or American fab, sure, it has a wider meaning.
... and I hope everyone is aware of both the virtues and the limits of that work.
How would E2E encryption stop law enforcement from subpoenaing data at-rest?
The want the same dumb, boring, monotonous somber shit every year and the Academy largely votes the way the critics tell them to.
On that note, particularly if you re a newer diver, learn to avoid the temptation to surface quickly when you run into an uncomfortable situation. In most early rec diving that s absolutely an option, but as you find yourself interested in deeper dives, wreck penetrations, caves and other sites that are both an incredible experience and higher risk that s where accidents happen.Focus on being able to calm yourself, trust your dive buddy, recognise signs of impaired cognition in both yourself and them, and work through whatever situation you find yourself in as a team. It s not a solo activity and any action you take impacts both of you.
Hey, I remember upgrading from my thoroughly cool e to my first Mac -- they were VERY cool at the start. Macs were more like a cool band that has a huge first album, kind of loses their way for a couple of records and then gets the mojo back with a monster record that leaves everybody nodding, I love these guys!
I say this most times I see you advertising and I ll say it again You really need to work on your pricing to be competitive with things like this. Even with the HN discount your service is expensive and even with the Borg Attic pricing which is cheaper still, your service is 3x more expensive than alternatives like Nearline aside from bandwidth , which themselves can be used as a backend for Attic just mount GCS locally .I really like the look of the service but I can t justify paying over 3x for it.
I honestly can t imagine using any other tools to do my job than office. As a student I tried the Google suite docs and years of usage has me relieved that I could leave them behind. Thinking back the only thing I remember about them is the instances of them not working or not working correctly. Printing was a mess. Left right clicking to open more complex interfaces would often interfere with native browser system functionality.There are no true alternatives in my opinion. Everything else just does not cut it. Websites are slow and more often than not come with all kinds of garbage. Such as advertisements and the latest and greatest font or version 1.25.2.3 of whatever.js that developers insist must not get cached because they use continuous integration! note t parameters when GETting a script .No please, PLEASE, let me keep my efficient clean familiar office applications. They are everything I need, I think it s great not much has changed about the basics since they were introduced. I love the fact that I can sit down behind office 2016 and office 2000 and be just as productive when working with simple documents. I love the fact that my dad, whom I often support with computer related stuff, did not even notice the update from word 2003 to 2010.
Your rule of thumb is wrong a third of the time which is a D grade.Technically passing, I suppose.
No.Your situation is irrelevant because you re boarding last. Of course you re looking for any empty space.
It makes me really sad to be contributing to these advances in tech. Should actually create an exit plan and find something else to do.
oh! nifty shortcut, thanks
It s so insane it d lose support everywhere including Latin America and a massive portion on the citizenry
Very slanted article. Turing was hardly unknown to logicians. In fact, even though the undecidability in lambda calculus was proven by Church in 1936 1 , Godel remained unconvinced that it was a complete model of mechanical computation.It was Turing s paper, in which, among many other things, he showed that Turing machines were equivalent to lambda calculus, that convinced Godel that both Turing machines, and hence lambda calculus, were the right models of mechanical computation.This was circa 1936, before Turing came to Princeton. So he was hardly unknown to mathematicians even then.The Turing test and his codebreaking work are of course, well known. Of course, there are other achievements of Turing including a powerful version of the central limit theorem 2 , and the chemical basis of morphogenesis 3 , to show that he was hardly incapable or obscure. Turing was an original genius, with a wide variety of original views that were later found to be far-reaching. 1
About 2-3 of people.
Not really following this article Likewise, if two mouse embryos are mushed together like a snowball, a single, normal mouse results And This is intelligence in action the ability to reach a particular goal or solve a problem by undertaking new steps in the face of changing circumstances I write software that can account for changes in context and still reach a particular goal. This is not new, creating TCP from UDP where the network can constantly be changing is not something that I will call Intelligent . The guy s that created the original algorithm are, but the network packets themselves are not.There are differences between intelligence and just following well crafted procedures.
This is exactly why I we have the highest respect for you Matt.We expect nothing less than such respect openness to congratulate competition from you.My first thought as I read above comment was you would ignore it and then I see your one word response.
We don t know if dark matter exists, but we can still observe it by its gravitational effect on large astronomical objects. We can t be sure it s dark matter, but it s likely dark matter.I believe we can do something similar with consciousness. We can make measurements or observations of a person and conclude they are likely consciousness.Maybe we can t ever be 100 certain whether a person is conscious or not. But nothing in science is 100 certain. No matter how much evidence we have, it would only take a single counterexample to disprove a well established scientific theory.
How do I know whether someone is a gmail user or not when they re using their own domain?
Nope. It s even easier to mod an automobile because it doesn t require a consensus from the mechanics miners to make a change. See the block chain size debate if you re still unconvinced.
And sometimes, even I will do my best is an excellent reason for doing things.Man, I think this is absolutely it. I feel very sorry for someone who would pin their happiness on being the best in the world. It may not be within your ability! I simply cannot run faster than Usain Bolt. So that s not the game! The game is just to do my best.
devops Dev and ops are completely different mindsets, but each has to understand the other.You are positioning yourself for career advancement, as you expand the scope of what you know, and the rough map of what you know you don t know.
Artemis all feels anachronistic for people keeping up with reusable rockets.
How about a warning that this is a PDF?
Common sense to use a U-lock but not enough common sense to not leave anything you own in the Tenderloin overnight.
I don t see why we can t all get along. The delayed choice quantum eraser experiment proves that a fully plausible history to explain current circumstances will spontaneously manifest whenever necessary to fill in the blanks. God could have easily created man in some sort of rudimentary character building tool and let the false history generation algorithm do the heavy lifting at the quantum level.
Most people don t grok that IBM .1960s 1970s Apple Microsoft Google Dell OpenSource .todayfor many reasons, but mostly because of the 360 Series, upon which I and many my age got started.I don t miss the COBOL ENVIRONMENT DIVISION or the punch cards much, but I do miss the technical brilliance which captured the industry.RIP Sweet Genius
Maybe, but the style in question is cultivated. I don t think it s prejudice if you don t like the way Coltrane plays the sax. I feel the same way if you don t like some person s intentional vocal affectations.
Maybe there are less obvious things they can do I m not an expert , but isn t this what testing software like dieharder is designed to detect? I assume people are testing dev u random often.
He reset his password using the IForgot service. So either data is encrypted under a key apple has or its encrypted under a key derived from your secret answers which is unlikely . In the latter case, Apple might as well have your key given the limited entropy
Google translates about as well as self-driving cars drive.
sent out a rambling 1400-page email about reorganizing the companyI really hope you mean 1400-word, but the fact that I can t say that for sure says a lot itself.
Apple s and Google s efforts are for more privacy preserving than ANY goverment efforts would ever be.Speaking as someone who has worked with govt.Seriously, this care around privacy DOES NOT EXIST with govt agencies.
specify it twice as a list of strings, and then a list of arguments is going to result in localized errors, in your own code, not spread through all 7 levels of dante s museum of abstractions.Doing it at build time is also preferable to trying to do it at runtime, like it does now.I would agree with your assessment, otherwise. I just think that this specific technique was railing against JS a bit too much, and was ultimately a dead end.Interestingly, the new DI framework also uses ES6 and traceur.
I felt this way about Ultra-Edit32 for a long time on Windows. I bought in college, and I believe it had a ... and future upgrades are automatically free clause. It made me have a LOT of faith that this would be a useful and awesome product, and I was a happy user for many years. In a sense, I bought it twice, as I asked my employer to buy it for me later. As a prospective user of Sublime Text 3, now , it s interesting to think about how I would feel had I bought ST2 a year ago, and now felt compelled to upgrade. The price is semi-negligible, in terms of how much one pays for a quality tool -- it s a fraction of the price of Komodo IDE or PyCharm, for example -- but the hassle is still annoying.As Silhouette points out, it really makes one wonder about how long support bugfixes, etc will last for the current version. I think one of the more interesting questions to arise from this thread has been what the difference is or should be? between a point release vN.5 and version N 1.
I have a lifetime plan for SocialBee, but never used it except for a 10-day sortie. Seemed okay to me at the time.Hootsuite is very popular. There are couple of others as well.
You said above that you have set LNH for a T3 writing out the obvious solution to your question. The problem is that optimizing that solution comes one of two ways 1. having seen the specific class of problem before and knowing, as you re writing that solution, to stop and switch to the class of solution you ve seen before that would solve the problem more efficiently, or2. finishing the obvious, poorly performing solution and then optimizing it like an real engineer would do. The problem is that there s not going to be enough time for this to occur in the interview session. The act of writing out the poorly performing solution will consume the entire session.Therefore, the only way someone would have passed your interview question would have been if they had seen this class of problem before.
At least you have the choice to do a non-standard transaction where you give the cash without having received the product. Standard cash transactions involve receiving the product at the same time as the payment, or before.
Most red-light cameras at least in the US are outsourced, and they lower the yellow light times, sometimes dangerously below any reasonable measure. in turn has actually increased accidents. citing this mainly for the links, they are clearly a biased site .
The million-dollar question how do you find clients?Honestly, the first one approached me via HackerNews. The rest have been from my network.Blogging has yet to bring me more business, because my name and brand have not reached the mind-share yet to rely solely on that. But I m working on it!I also realize that this is a long-term play, it will likely take me 3 years before my name is reputable enough to be the reason someone hires me from all the places they ve seen my name.
I am not having a great time and I m not entirely sure why. A broad list of factors I m slowly passing the this-is-mostly-easy threshold in University. I expected that, but it s still somewhat sad. Before, I could put in the time and finish any homework on my own, now I get stuck on exercises or lecture notes fairly frequently. I ve noticed that I easily obsess over the meta I should have read the notes vs watched the recording, that cost so much time and I m making some progress as far as not feeling guilty for not performing perfectly.I m also not sure what I actually want to do. I was cautiously eyeing academia because I like the idea of intellectual freedom in CS, so not as concerned about the culture war and enjoy teaching, but I haven t really found a field that fully interests me yet. Both theoretical CS and technical CS sound intriguing, but I haven t found a sweet spot that is a easy enough to be tractable and b significant enough to be rewarding. I think this is mostly hitting me right now because of a lowered sense of self-efficacy and mild burnout that makes any problem look uninteresting, but I still yearn for some long-term goal that excites me and I can t find one.I had surgery last week and have been mostly tuning that out. I m not in any pain, but do have to wear a compression vest that gives my breathing issues if I use my ADD medication. So I m a bit more foggy and unfocused then usual, which to be fair is still much better than having to gasp for air all day.
That schedule is called a 4-10 - 4, 10 hour work days, and every Friday off.9 80 is that you work 9 hours a day, and every other Friday is off.They re both popular in defense and aerospace.
That s because you mistakenly think Chrome is a Windows app, a Mac app, and a Linux app. It s not. It s an operating system that runs on top of those. They aren t going to, and shouldn t, waste their time trying to mimic UI decisions for various OSes. They aren t trying to be like Seesmic or Evernote meaning, they aren t trying to be an app .
It s not clear because it s not very well-founded. There s a vague notion coming from the alt-right that universities are being taken over by neo-Marxist post-modernists. I think it s a simplistic rationalisation that some people find comforting or easy to believe somehow. The best data you can get to back is up is the fact that academics tend to be much more left-wing. But that s meaningless academia might simply be much more appealing to someone with left wing values in the first place. Academics have always been left wing and both the hard sciences and the humanities are left wing.
Yeah, that s a bummer, but thanks for trying!
Indians by and large play it safe in everythingIf you re an Indian businessperson, you have two options - copy the US and make a good ROI, or risk everything on creating a new product for a potentially better ROI. The choice is obvious - it s far cheaper and more beneficial to play catch-up than innovate.The question is - why is India still playing catch-up?I don t know that much about India. I m guessing that corruption is one part. I ve heard Indian culture can be anti-business. Perhaps politics are more sectarian than policy-based - they don t vote for a party because it has good policies or seems to have good policies , but because they identify with the candidates same religion, caste, region, family, whatever . Democracy doesn t seem to work when elections are fought on sectarian lines.
I agree. Those are the only two cases where a semicolon is needed. Other than that, I like my code to look clean
CSS must be fun to use nowadays, with tons of flexibility and great browser support. I remember the days when you couldn t even rely on CSS2 because IE6 didn t support it, apart from having serious rendering bugs.
Of course you can write your own libraries, the question isn t whether you can but whether or not that s a wise usage of your time and energy. Java gives me a ton of fantastic libraries out of the box that let me focus on my domain, which is a good thing!This was a bug in the Common Lisp community in the early 2000s when I was getting started with it and looking to the community for help identifying libraries for common functionality. People were friendly and helpful, but they gently pushed me to accept that reaching for libraries was a habit I was bringing from other languages, and in Lisp I could and should write my own implementations for things like logging and date formatting. Sharing code was for big hard stuff, not easy stuff.Since then, it seems like a number of people have put a lot of work into moving the community forward from that romantic approach to a more pragmatic one, but if I wanted to use Lisp now, I would scrutinize that aspect of Common Lisp very closely before getting back into it. I would lean heavily towards Clojure instead.
Every undergraduate CS major at Purdue University is required to do the infamous shell labHuh. Is the course based on CMU s book Computer Systems A Programmer s Perspective ? The CS APP book is used by like a hundred schools nationwide and there s a shell lab there too school the University of Utah used this book for one of our courses. Worse than the shell lab was implementing malloc by hand, haha. Rough weekend right there.
And 20 billion loss out of 57 billion deposits is quite the haircut. Would have been a terrible precedent to set to allow a run and then stick the saps that were too slow with all the losses.
Love the all-caps in this flight plan or whatever this document is. Some very ancient computer must be involved somewhere in the loop, and apparently - still doing important stuff.
years ago I would read the site compulsively. Now I need an article link to it from HN or reddit or X that reminds me that the site even exists.So it goes.
Larger corpus, deeper model, better scoring function on models, more models
Maybe, but their goal and rationale seem fairly reasonable, even if there are counter-arguments. If being rationally optimal were easy there would be far fewer divergent opinions in the world.The headline of the article is that they have lost revenue because of their business decisions. I just wanted to emphasize that there s more to business than maximizing sales revenue of your product The way you sell your product shapes the market downstream, and it is reasonable for publishers to think that Amazon s market share grabs were anti-competitive and that a lack of competition is worse for them.Demand curves are not the only thing that go into pricing decisions.
I think a useful framing might be to compare social media to drugs. Many people do various sorts of drugs. Some people can do some drugs and not have their lives destroyed by said drugs. Other people have their lives upended by some drugs, sometimes the same ones that other people do without such serious consequences. We recognize that not all drugs are equivalent and recognize that they need to be taken seriously, limited, or prohibited outright.Many people, and clearly many teenagers are able to use social media and not be all that harmed. For some, that s clearly not the case.
We should be learning alternative modelsIn addition to learning models from other subjects, we also need to understand that the complexity and often chaotic nature of human behavior might mean some subject can only be modeled superficially. economicsVaroufakis 1 and Blyth 2 argue that it might be impossible to create models of the economy. They both warn that there is a seductive quality to math, but that elegance is an oversimplification that can easily unravel when given the chaos of the real world. 1
We re not talking about deprecating a feature here, we re talking about the addition of behaviour that will break existing code, potentially in non-trivial and hard to debug ways, and in ways that could easily introduce security vulnerabilities.
WHY on God s Green Earth does Paypal keep repeating this seize and release?If you re going to make the decision to SEIZE 45,000 of a vocal entrepreneur s hard earned cash - you are much better off keeping it and justifying your actions, then not acting so aggressively next time.The word for this is INEPT.
As a society we massively overproduce people with high e.g. theoretical or abstract skills. Whether it s astrophysics PhDs or even just Bachelors of Engineering, there simply isn t the work that needs doing to justify the investment in educating them us! .Meanwhile, try getting a plumber or a plasterer. The UK govt. has the objective of getting 50 of school leavers into university. Formal education beyond a certain point is suboptimal both for the individual and for society as a whole in probably most cases. The great irony is that this is a Labour government, you d think if anyone realized the value of traditional trademen, it would be them...
Why would it be very expensive?
He s just bullshitting.
It s free on Dreamhost. I don t use them for hosting anymore, but still keep a few domains there. 10 bucks a year for .coms.The interface is ... almost ok. It s cluttered because it s used for more than just domain registration think it s cPanel, actually but the registration part is ok.
Thanks for the ad hominem attack If you look through my post history, you ll see that I made this account to talk about another article about a week ago.EDIT I can t respond to you, unfortunately.I m sorry we ve resorted to name-calling - however, I stand by my earlier statement. Irrespective of your identity, there has been a noticeable trend of discussions about reverse racism .I have not referred to you with a pronoun nor made any mention of your race sex anything else. I apologize if you feel that I did this.
Most major websites continue to offer RSS. Considering that some people apparently believed that HN itself did not have RSS, I suspect that some people just don t know where to look for feed URLs.
Hourly is good. Any more frequent and it might be annoying
You are wrong. The Swedish Prime minister has made public statements that the man is guilty. So has the Swedish press.
Much of this is auto-generated header files e.g.
Yes, much better ways of representing and working with colours are known. Sadly, support for them is missing in most of the software we use, including Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop, the Affinity suite, Sketch, Figma and all major browsers. The best we get out of the box is usually HSB HSL.Of course, you can make the effort to construct a colour palette using a better model and then convert the colours. However, as soon as you start deviating from those carefully chosen colours to build a gradient, or to apply filters or transparency, for example you re back to relying on the software to do the maths, and if its internal colour model is weak, the results will reflect that.
- x RGB d out PC with RTX 3090 for playing Minecraft and Elden ring- x Decent wired network in-home- x Connect via Moonlight from Mac Mini M1 to Gaming PC- x Best of both worldsIt s wonderful. I only wish my Mac Mini had a 120hz display attached.
I have tried it and done this more than once -- it does work, but it s not quite that easy. You have to fashion the tack into various shapes to get into the crevices, and it has taken the better part of an hour to be satisfied with the result each time. Still worth it.
Those subpar diagnostics are a bug. The underlying reasons are that- The async await feature is an MVP- async await desugars to code you can write yourself that leverages a bunch of relatively advanced features, namely trait bounds and associated types- It also leverages a nightly only feature generators - Async programming is inherently harder - We ve had less time to see how people misuse the features to see where they land in order to clean up those cases and make the errors as user friendly as they can bePut all of those together and the experience of writing async code in Rust is similar to the experience of writing regular Rust code maybe two or three years ago. When you encounter things like this, please file a ticket at so that we can fix them.
To be fair, in 2019 on my Mac the applications I almost exclusively use are Terminal, Browser, Editor, File manager. That s more or less since years, although recently I started using more local apps.
It s only difficult because Google doesn t want to spend any real money on it, because it would cripple the worth of the service to them.
It s been done a few times. Biomega and Puma made a bike with a structural wire that could be used to lock the bike cutting the wire made the bike unrideable. There s the n lock, which lets you turn MTB style handlebars sideways for hallway storage, but also acts as a theft deterrent, since you can t ride the bike with floppy bars. Removable pedals Wellgo QRD, MKS EZY, etc . And dozens more.There s a problem with designs like this. Bikes are very portable thieves can walk with them, shoulder them, stick them in a van. The designs do not discourage the thief from cutting your U-lock in the first place - they only discover the bike is unrideable as they try to leave, and your bike still has value in parts.
What do you and Jim expect to learn from a scientific study? That 12 feet is better than 6 feet?I don t know anyone named Jim, nor am I saying we need to have definitive studies before giving out guidance. However, if we are going to give out guidance that ends up requiring schools to space out kids desks in a way that makes it impossible for many of them to open, I think that guidance should either be grounded in science or admitted to be a best-guess. This is about transparency and honest, which are especially important when the government issues mandatory rules that upend life as we know it.
I ve been using MiniHack as my HN app, and while it has its issues most frustratingly, the popup that notifies me that I ve just upvoted downvoted a comment , it s the most feature rich HN client I ve seen yet, so it s a bit hard for me to switch to this just yet.That said, I tried it out and here s my feedback for HNbuddy - This looks really nice, and loads comments super fast for me!- An iPad version of HNBuddy would be nice. I d be willing to pay for that, maybe as an IAP?- Support for commenting, new posts, currently it s more of a reader , which may be the intention, not sure.- No ability to downvote? I can downvote in MiniHack and the regular website but not in HNBuddy- A lighter Darker theme
Very interesting attempt.Is there anything about authentication, database connections, rate limiting or authorization planned for Hug? I mean, those ones are usual things that may be simplified some times.Anyway, excellent work and 1 for using Falcon and Python 3!
Good question. One reason is PyPy didn t support NumPy until last year.
Wood rots. It doesn t even take that long. Let s not pretend natural biodegradable materials are the same.
Can I ask why it matters to you whether or not julia is self hosting?
Thanks for me teaching me navel gazing , had to look that up About your suggestion I d associate the Asian theatre with that...
It s worth noting that San Francisco sets a much higher burden on new construction it either charges the builder an Affordable Housing Fee 200k to 522k per unit , or it requires a certain percentage of units 12 of on-site or 20 of off-site be made available for rental or sale at a price specified by the city below market rate .
The Mac App Store app 1 is submitted by Zeta Project Swiss GmbH which does exist in the registry 2 . 1
Take this picture from above, that s basically the pattern.
People do do it, though. Especially poor people, who might not use their personal computers very often.Also, many people don t own a separate personal computer in the first place. Especially, again, poor people. I know many people who, if needing to use a PC for something, would go to a public library to use the computers there. Not every job is a software dev position in the Bay Area, where everyone has enough disposable income to have a pile of old technology laying around. Many jobs for which you might be issued a work laptop still might not pay enough to get you above the poverty line. McDonald s managers are issued work laptops, for instance. Also, disregarding economic class for a moment in the modern day, most people who aren t in tech solve most of their computing problems by owning a smartphone, and so are unlikely to have a full PC at home. But their phone can t do everything, so if they have a work computer they happen to be sat in front of for hours each day whether one issued to them, or a fixed workstation at work then they ll default to doing their rare personal productivity tasks on that work computer. And yes, this does include updating their CV! ---Maybe you can see it more clearly with the case of company cars.People sometimes don t own any other car that actually works until they get issued a company car so they end up using their company car for everything. Think especially tradespeople using their company-logo-branded work box-truck for everything. Where I live, every third vehicle in any parking lot is one of those. And people especially poorer people also often sell their personal vehicle when they are issued a company car, because this 1. releases them from the need to pay a lease insurance on that vehicle, and 2. gets them possibly tens of thousands of dollars in a lump sum that they don t need to immediately reinvest into another car, because they can now rely on the company car.
We are using Xv6 in my OS class this semester and have had some pretty fun and interesting assignments. We started off with learning how system calls and traps work by adding our own system calls to the existing system. The next assignment was to implement a signal system with support for user signal handlers. Our current assignment is to implement a user level thread library followed by kernel level threads in a few weeks. Working with Xv6 has been a real pleasure.
Right, the status quo as I understand it in many US states is essentially the current election winner at redistricting time gets to set the boundaries for the next election . That s a terrible status quo unless you like gerrymandering and there s very little incentive for anyone to change it as it benefits the winners, by definition .
Current best heuristics, Lin-Kernighan-Helsgaun arrive probabilistically at better percentages for TSP.Definitely makes you wonder if P NP is even relevant when all the interesting instances can be solved to optimality or very near to it extremely often.
We print our cards glossy front w contact info. Matte back with small qr code containing contact info from front and the remaining area blank for quick notes. If someone wants to retain my contact info they can scan the qr code with one of the dozens of scanners currently available without having to worry about typos, data entry etc. It s also a bit of a conversation starter with those that have never seen one or don t know how they work which can make the meeting more memorable if it s a convention type setting.
Why wouldn t you consider a virtual magazine a complete product? Even when you buy a magazine in physical form you re paying for the content. Personally, I never go to a newsstand and base my purchase on the physical properties of the magazine, but rather, the content, articles, and design.One way or another we ll have to deal with this issue soon as electronic distribution becomes the new standard. We can t expect magazines or newspapers for that matter, to maintain the quality of design and content we enjoy if we re not willing to pay for it.
It is nowhere even remotely near as secure as Bitcoin. Scrypt mining is massively insecure verification when compared to the SHA256 verification provided by Bitcoin. It s as secure as Litecoin, and Litecoin is many magnitudes less secure of a chain than Bitcoin.
A proc is a function with no return.A function is a function that returns something.Oberon keeps it s predecessors idiotic distinction, but takes it one step further both functions and procedures are decalred with proc or procedure , functions are proc s that have a return type.And yet - procedure calls don t have to specify parameters apparently, but function calls must specify all parameters- functions cannot be used in Oberon s weird exception handling. 1 You do a call with PCALL res, P, args where res is a variable that will hold the result of the exception if it happened, and P is the procedure. You cannot pass functions aka procedures which have a return type As the spec so wonderfully says 2 ,--- start quote ---There are two kinds of procedures proper procedures and function procedures. The latter are activated by a function designator as a constituent of an expression and yield a result that is an operand of the expression. Proper procedures are activated by a procedure call. A procedure is a function procedure if its formal parameters specify a result type. Each control path of a function procedure must return a value.--- end quote --- 1
Do you have any plugins, maybe a SEO one, that may be active?Core Gutenberg should be super fast, we test it with Wait But Why posts. But a plugin could be adding some sort of loop that s slowing things down.
I will copy my answer from a previous Ask HN that asked a similar question. it s a must so you can investigate what gets generated by templates behind the scenes. bookmark this, you will need it! Now, about books I would suggest the latest A tour of C by Bjarne Stroustrup it s ideal for experienced programmers that want to learn modern C rather fast.Other books would be Scott Meyers Effective Series, Andrei Alexandrescu and Herb Sutter are a must, and of course Jason Turner s C Weekly series 1 of course apart from the books, the links I have originally shared are more than enough to cover everything around C . 1
I suspect this will NOT undermine economies of scale at least in some areas , due to toner costs, operational costs, and power consumption. It will doubtless be less efficient to print a true-to-life oak 2x4 than it is to harvest and mill one with proper economies of scale set up.
I agree, hate is too strong a word. I was reacting to his very emotional presentation. I could feel his pain.
The people who built your house also allow thieves to break in your house rather trivially. Would you hold them responsible in the event of a robbery?
I ve been TV-free for about 3.5 years, and only had broadcast TV in Spain for about a year before that. So the last time I had cable was in 2004.Sadly the time savings afforded by not having a TV are often eaten up by the Internet nowdays, but at least it requires slightly more activity on my part.
I don t want to be dismissive of either side of the debate, but this specifically seems to be a very weak argument.If Japan had just approved involuntary human experimentation on political prisoners, and it eventually lead to a breakthrough on cancer research, every person who argued against it would still immediately use that research to save their kids.People are broadly speaking usually hypocritical when their individual needs conflict with their social ideals. Productive discussions about social moral standards should usually ignore that hypocrisy.
other than the leading title, interesting post.
Replacing few freeloader nodes in a volunteer network with a whole rent-seeking company. Pretty sad.
I switched a new product in planning from MongoDB to PostgreSql 9.4. With the new JSONB columns you get the best of both worlds.
Disagree. Particularly since named arguments are part of the function name and in languages where you use named arguments you will often have very expressive overloaded function names.You might have 3 related functions like so getStudent datastore DS, byId number getStudent datastore DS, byAssessmentId number getStudent datastore DS, firstName string, lastName string, birthdate date Without named parameters, you are stuck with function names like getStudentById, or relying on convention for naming parameters and often wind up with duplicate names or not knowing if a function is out there because your idea of naming is different from someone else s.Intellisense picks this up too and suggests the 3 different names. Works fantastic.
Every successful disruptor becomes what it set out to disrupt.
like all men, I do have as much sex as I possibly can Uhm... uhhh... How can I put this... I m not sure your universal characterisation is universal in reality. Far from all men are sex fiends and horndogs, only the vocally dissatisfied ones seem to be.
If you know the g s of vibration force and the hertz they needed to use on the screen, can t you calculate it? Maybe you also need to know the weight of the passenger as well as the details of their strobe method.
Right now wind and solar have dropped so much in price that they represent a serious threat to fossil fuels on a short time frame.I recommend sitting down and calculating the input cost for solar wind. It s being subsidized substantially.There aren t even enough materials currently mined to support the US switching to mostly 50 solar wind. Silver gold copper nickle prices would go up an order of magnitude, for instance.I m for cheap energy - period. It s directly correlated with improvements in life. If solar wind get us there, great. If nuclear improves it, let s do it. Right now natural gas is also very cheap, should be drilling as much as we can. The more we maximize growth and cheap energy now, the quicker we advance technology, innovation and automation.
Because HN has rules about comments and reaction baiting that I m not going to breakThey are easy to find with a search engine if you want to learn
Lets have a law that makes it illegal to burn fossil fuels to generate electricity. Preferably very soon. The market will solve the question if renewable and battery combination is cheaper than nuclear. The market wouldn t solve anything in that case, you d have rolling blackouts and extremely expensive power until solar wind nuclear get spun up more.
Looks fun!
Sure, it s still dangerous, but at least it s something you can try to hide, rather than broadcast around you!
Rust compilation times can still be made faster.Generally I think many people complain too much for what takes a few seconds.C builds are measured in hours, usually require distributed build systems, clever use of forward declarations and cutting class private declarations into static code or PImpl classes to bring it down to something manageable.
Of course, in the US you can still enslave prisoners Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.
Actually, the more I think about it, the more I think Mr. Musk is baiting us.
godot
One of our ongoing projects on the Yelp search team is improving the quality of our own review snippet algorithms. The paper behind this went around the team a few weeks ago, and we all agreed that it s pretty cool.If this kind of stuff interests you, send me your resume -- my HN user name at yelp.
This is the best thing I ve read in almost 20 years.
I d miss the Esc key in the upper-leftWhen the keyboard lets your thumb reach 2-3 buttons each, you get to use the thumb more, which allows using the pinky finger less. Which is nice, since the pinky finger is weaker than the thumb .I find it quite nice to use my thumbs for Tab Esc Space, Backspace Enter Delete.
I want to suggest that businesses should be penalized somehow for using ancient technology, but then on the other hand you have roman concrete
Unfortunately, universities aren t looking so hot in this regard at the moment. Maybe the rationalist community?
The writing is on the wall, no need to wait for these attacks to actually exist before beginning migration
There are many startups out there with meaningful visions and need experienced devs like yourself.
BIG Numbers Watch Face For Wear OS easy to read at a glance Optimized for Google Pixel Watch.
I would guess they are dependencies. For example you would want to start the database server before you started the application. If the application started with no databases, it would do some funky things and may end up in a weird state.
It seems like a noble move but as a german i know these companies pretty well and i am very sure they only do this to stop german users wandering off to non-german email providers like gmail. Its still a good thing of course, but dont think they do this because they feel its the right thing todo.Heck, if they could they would even charge extra for it.
The ban is a temporary measure and has nothing to do with religion.When there are exceptions involving religious minorities in the EO, there is a lot about religion
What if I don t want you telling folks that you are my friend? Why do you get to divulge this information to a third party that I know nothing about?
You finished your answer with comparing your military system with ISIS beheading. That was what I looking at. Your comparison standard for your military system is ISIS, Wow. You literally proved my point. No, it s not, I was mocking you by engaging in the same ignorant and low-effort hyperbole that sadly makes up the bulk of your contribution here. I suppose your limited English skills prevent you from understand ridicule and mockery, so I ll spell it out for you.Don t you see how you just fell for it ? How I used outrageous hyperbole to literally make fun of you, and you took it seriously?
This whole article feels like the author is trying to pull something from nothing. House-poor seems like a stretch. I would suggest a more plausible theory people, in general, just aren t that creative, especially when it comes to interior decorating.
I think there s some research out there that suggests all natural languages have about the same information density, when you factor how two people in conversation will add error-correction or extra context to frame an idea.IMO this suggests the bottleneck is something about our brains on a biological rather than linguistic level.
If anyone is interested in how the author built it and what software it runs we chatted about it a while back on my podcast
It s not an or proposition.I agree, but I m confused I didn t make an or proposition, and you followed that statement with one. We can realistically deal with privacy problems using laws, and we cannot realistically ever expect people to never repair devices that have private information on them. Right?There s also an unfortunate environmental downside to suggesting that people avoid repair.
Bruh
Sounds like a lot of latency, waiting for the backend to render a template and send it over the wire every time the user presses a button.
There s also a fourth option do nothing. Leave the existing services in the languages that they re written in rather than translating them into other languages and laboriously debugging the resulting code. If these services communicate through well-defined APIs, any new services, which can be built in new languages, can communicate with the legacy services.It may be more cost effective to keep around some developers who know the old code base and the language it s written in.
Why did they invest in a domain like that? That can t be cheap..
Here s part of a sample sequence 1 Smarthome gets a notification of a vehicle detected in the driveway 2 sends a request to get an image from the driveway camera 3 gets the image, sends it off for storage and analysis 4 sends it to an image recognition service which returns a description make model color other info as JSON 5 receives analysis, matches it to known vehicles and announces the resultsThe send_display_vehicle_id Id in the end actually does a lot, it queries redis for previously announced display type devices, then looks up the capabilities bit depth, resolution of each device and formats accordingly then sends the display request for each. Also send_android_notification sends the request to some Java code that initiates a push message to my phone and watch.None of this is rocket science in terms of Prolog message MQTTPathAsList, MessageBody is my general predicate for handling an incoming MQTT message once I ve subscribed to it and it s convenient to deal with a MQTT topic path as a list.message Smarthome , Notify , vehicle , motion ,_ - log brain saw vehicle motion , get_short_timestamp S , atomic_list_concat S, Vehicle Motion , NotificationMessage , send_android_notification Smarthome , NotificationMessage , request_image alibi4 .request_image Camera - publish Smarthome , Video , Camera, brain , request .message Smarthome , Video , _ , brain , response ,Image - store_image Image, brain , analyze_image Image, brain .analyze_image Image, Id - publish Smarthome , Sighthound , analyze , Id , Image .message Smarthome , Vehicle , Sighthound ,VehicleJson - vehicle_id VehicleJson, Id , get_short_timestamp S , atomic_list_concat S, brain saw vehicle , Id , NotificationMessage , send_android_notification vehicle , NotificationMessage , send_display_vehicle_id Id , atom_concat Id, VehicleJson, Description , atom_concat brain saw vehicle , Description, Message , log Message .
It s the most-watched cable channel, but it s only watched by a tiny fraction of the population. MSNBC and CNN also rank highly relative to cable channels below Fox and ESPN and above HGTV but are still very low in terms of overall viewership.Kind of like Twitter, which has 37 million monetizable daily active users in the US, of which about half of them use Twitter daily. So that s something like 19 million users - high for a social network or web site, but still a tiny fraction of the population.
Your friend should consider doing a full-length blog post about this, naming the carrier he visited. That s a pretty shocking story.
a movie was made isn t exactly a gotcha or any sort of validation, anyone can make a movie. In this case the anyone is Breitbart.If you want an idea of Breitbart s motives... they specifically cast an actress due to her controversial statements, for example. Earlier this year she claimed the war in Ukraine was a fake plot because they lost control of the COVID narrative.
I d agree that if your home never had cable, SOL. And you re right that there s nothing in it for them to drive a truck around...it s just s w setting to turn off your paid subscription. However, see my comment above re ClearQAM, and link to Fred s post.
And my completely understaffed KDE does it beautifully.
yes, through depends what you mean with everything else .There are rent a rack options you provide hardware, they provide a rack in a datacenter network switch es management tooling through the network etc. and when asked will replaces RAM Disks etc as asked . You still have to maintain the OS through depending on the service you get and what you want to do this can be easier then expected e.g. because networking is handled through their switches tooling this can makes things easier and if you e.g. just want to run a single application per server there are net-boot options which allow you to do so in a manner similar to running docker containers. But if you want to run your own OCI container orchistrations then it comes with the cost of you having to well do that. .But if you ask for you provide server hardware and container and they manage all the rest then I m not sure it exists. It seems like a bad deal for them.
Lady Bracknell I ve always been of opinion that a man who desires to get married should know either everything, or nothing. Which do you know?Earnest I know nothing, Lady Bracknell.Lady Bracknell I am pleased to hear it. I do not approve of anything that tampers with natural ignorance. Ignorance is like a delicate, exotic fruit. Touch it, and the bloom is gone. The whole theory of modern education is radically unsound. Fortunately in England, at any rate, education produces no effect whatsoever. Bracknell A handbag??! Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest
Will URL imports actually solve the problem. Couldn t a malicious actor simply register a similar name e.g. pip install code.lauchpad.net beautifulsoup ?I would also guess many packages would be hosted on github pip install popular-org.github.io package which could be typo-squatted by creating a similar sounding github user pip install poplar-org.github.io package .
Propoganda.
Like I said If you compromise the Trustico servers which are a reseller, you could trick the CA into believing that a CSR is valid for a domain. This would get you a certificate with a key under your control. But revoking the certificate with the key under the owners control won t fix this. The illegitimate certificate would still be under the attackers control and remain valid.
I think it is important to realise that most governments are not monolithic. There are many factions and agenda at work that are hard to understand from the outside.
Some people can identify music notes as well as colour. One should note that colours perception may also essentially differ from one individual to another. Early training works wonder for music. Colours are everywhere, and most people can see, whereas most people don t train to recognize individual notes. That skill is not that useful, including for trained musicians. Most people can agree that the sky is blue. However, a trained painter may be able to see much more nuance.
For a lot of calls, sure. You can guess that calls between me and my mechanic are probably about my car.Calls between me and my wife when I m out of town? You could guess what we re talking about, but I don t want you to listen in.
TL DR 44 of Kickstarters are successful. WHAT! That s amazingly high.
To be fair, Linus, you and everyone who develops the board bitch about that same thing. Some people even parrot it without understanding the underlying issues at even a basic level. So let s see their models that compete with the rpi at the same price point. Until I see those, I am left to see a whole lot petty whining. The rpi is very much in front of the pack when it comes to their clearly stated mandate.Remember the purpose, and not lean too heavily onto your personal ideology.
Wait until ChatGPT is doing tax returns.Until some lobbyists bribe congress to ban that.
For an article about linguistics, that title sure is hard to read.
There s a Canadian film on Youtube that covers this.Yeah it was a major scandal here in Canada. The Red Cross lost the right to handle blood a new organization called Canadian Blood Services was created.Many people with hemophilia died but I think people at the tail end of it were around when the new drug cocktails slowed the disease.As a teen in the 80s AIDS was pretty scary even for a straight kid with no girlfriend. It seemed like everyone was talking about it, getting it, scared of people with it, or denying it existed.Anthony Fauci had a hard time getting Pres. Reagan to even take it seriously sound familiar!? . Many conservatives saw it as the gay disease and dismissed it as irrelevant.
This post says you can opt put of their moderation filter, but yes if you are using bluesky s app then bluesky can control what can and can t be shown. In that case you can use a different client or PDS.
Not sure how one could reclaim driving privacy in an age where we have license plate scanners and E-ZPass scanners at places not on toll roads all while you and everyone else drives around with multiple Bluetooth devices turned on. Nothing stopping your car from recording everything anyway and having the dealer just download it each time you have an oil change. This mirrors privacy everywhere else. Think this ship already sailed.
Poor software developers, how could they ever afford to overcome these massive barriers to entry. Every. Year.If only they had a decent source of steady income.
just curios can you show the code?
Those of us who ride motorcycles, learn to watch people s heads and eyes sometimes in their mirrors and know that if you do not make eye contact, you are invisible to the others on the road.Our instructor reminded us that even this is no guarantee of a driver s awareness of you. They may have shit vision or have what to make for dinner on their mind and they re spacing out while looking at you. Fact is, until that driver is behind you, they are a danger all the way up until you pass them. And in some cases they re still a danger, especially if you come to an abrupt stop .Motorcycling in a city is not for the faint of heart.
The salary ranges seem very high from my experience. I ve been developing for a few years, and I know a handful of excellent developers working for big-name companies...and I know they re not making the numbers listed here.I want to believe 180k is doable for a software engineer, but I ve yet to meet a salaried programmer over 110k. Am I keeping the wrong company?I should note I don t live in a major city, but even amongst devs I know in San Francisco, 180k would be very high. It seems most of the programmer salary estimates I see online are similar. Are these numbers real? Or are the numbers I see coming from software fantasy land?
Just one misstep in the 100s that have already occurred. At this point what was the point in buying Twitter to begin with? Whatever Musk had originally bought is no longer of any value. 44 Billion would have given a brand new startup a very long runway. 1 billion would have been plenty.
It s at the core of my software life for several years now
The future is nuclear power, and when companies buy hardware they use it at max performance around the clock because energy is cheap and does not depend on weather.There s huge lie by omission about renewables nobody explained how to convert the world to 100 renewable energy without coal backup.
Added. Thanks!
That s config on the miner, can throttle to any CPU usage percentage. No reason for them to be stupid enough to peg at 100 . 50 to 70 seems much more reasonable. Most day to day, non professional applications barely use more than 30 .
The blockchain isn t a good example when latency is an issue. Yes, it does guarantee that values cannot be double spent, but it does so at a very high time cost.
I think it s unlikely for a while. Content businesses are historically tough sells for VC investment. They ve become more common in recent years, e.g. Vox, Bustle, etc. That s in large part due to the maturity of the advertising technology ecosystem which has made content more scalable programmatic.We re no where near this point with audio yet. Podcast ads still sold by human agents, burnt into episodes in the form of live reads. It makes for attractive lifestyle businesses and some companies have bootstrapped impressively, but it s hard to see sightlines to a billion dollar plus startup.I think you could see investments in platforms, a la Sound Cloud, or podcast AdTech, but we ll need to see more growth in the medium on the scale of Serial to make it a reality.Full disclosure, I work for a VC firm that was featured on the first season of the Startup Podcast.
Given that the police wanted information after having already received the threats, they had to have requested some combination of historical and future data. They almost certainly wanted historical data primarily so that they could find the person who sent the threats.There s no way to satisfy requests for historical data without capturing data from everyone.
It is a nice idea with a large potential. A challenge that comes to mind is that right now the older folks cut coupons etc. And the younger ones surf for deals on the internet. There is an overlap in the two sets but it is small.One suggestion would be to pick a city area where more people are into coupons and circulars and start from there. I feel that places where old peeps hang out Florida as opposed to Sunnyvale? might be better hunting grounds.Sounds promising though!
The difference is that winforms basically had one way to do everything which expedited development because it skipped all of the infinite number of stupid small decisions and libraries that must be cobbled together in a typical SPA.
Paywall shite
When you say that state machine problems are basically solved, are you referring to any tools that you re using to reason about them?
That s false and, frankly, quite a naive assertion which is easily refuted.
And with Russia as the target environment lol.
Right. Companies insist employees believe in the mission. Employees insist on a mission they can believe in.
How would you rate the relative significance of these things - blocking of IP addresses on an ISP level, introduced via court order- folks who organize hockey lose some revenueFor me, the former is a 10 10, the latter maybe a 3 10. About as severe as ..bike theft. Happens all over the place, costs normal people quite a bit of money and distress, and no one does a thing about it.This reflects an inappropriate influence of that sports league on law and society, don t you think?
One of the sad things is that people willing to just get a no-nonsense DRM-free MP3 of a years-old song they like for personal use and sharing with a friend perhaps are considered the same with those willing to get and even sell original stuff before it s even released.
How is it any more dangerous than having a picture of your ID on your phone? It uses a local model for finding and extracting data, and confirms before autofill.Should we start auditing wallets next? People s driver licenses are sitting insecure and unencrypted in their pockets! Anyone could grab it!Security is important, but being alarmist toward thoughtful progress hurts everyone.
I don t get it. Sorry.
This video explained dynamic soaring for me key thing seems to be having different wind speeds available at different heights so you can do the upwind part through slower moving air.
This is exactly what I was going to say, and PWA is like you re trying to build for 2 cycles ago.When you ve got the problem you want to work on, is a PWA the best method of use distribution discovery?Perhaps a mobile app is the best method, or a hardware device.When you re thinking about what you want to build, don t forget about distribution. There is a saying that 1st time founders focus on product, 2nd time founders focus on distribution.
How does this compare to cryptsy?
We teach Ruby. Students learn about - variables - notion of different data types string integer array hash - string interpolation - iteration enumeration - looping - boolean conditionals - defining invoking methods
Wayland has definitely provided subpixel layouts to applications for years or not applications are making use of it might be a different story.
This is correct, almost all user side traffic is nat d masquerade Src-nat thus port knocking nor any ports externally being open, does not apply. NAT , in general, how the multiple devices at your home all share a single public IP address from your ISP This article mainly addresses servers public facing services which do not make use of nat
check this one out too, there is a general topic of biomechanics regarding molecular motors
When it arrives, it is actioned and disposed of properly immediatelyWhat about important emails in your inbox that you have not yet had a chance to take action on? Can you be taking action on your email 24 hours a day?
And yet it s enough to spark a geopolitical war to block China from acquiring these machines 1 , which basically means China has massively ramped up it s EUV investment if you look at semiengineering investment news.At the same time you can trust that TSMC secrets are no longer secret 2 . A lot of the Taiwanese companies are actually quite bad at security despite Taiwan have some top notch security engineers. I guess it s just old industries general problems. 1
It doesn t sound like they just snapped a picture. The one guy says they used supercomputers for 6 months to get the image.Sunspots look black relative to the rest of the sun but are actually very bright. Could this be the same thing? How did they set the black level? Is there a description of the procedure somewhere?EDIT Found the paper describing the data processing
This is how their model was trained, but I think what you ve said may not quite be the case.Because the discriminator D and generator G usually compete in a minimax game, the equilibrium probability of D correctly classifying an image as fake tends to 1 2 ignoring distributional factors . If the competing networks have enough capacity and can be stably trained, then in theory they will reach equilibrium as the data distribution from G converges to the actual data distribution. If this is the case, then the discriminator correctly identifies fake videos with a probability of 1 2.They may not reach equilibrium making D 0.5 , but it s not clear that the discriminator itself is a panacea for identifying fake videos images.
I like how Amazon has a public list and private list by default, in addition to all the custom lists you can make.Seems like the reasonable thing to do in the above case is to have a default shopping list , and if someone puts an item into their cart and doesn t buy it within the allotted time, it gets automatically moved to the shopping list . Make the shopping list highly visible on all the cart-related views. Problem solved?
Thank you for a detailed and highly enlightening response. it would be vanishingly unlikely that a person or group of people had managed to reconstruct it with enough accuracy that they could write an entire manuscript in an invented writing system that happened to mirror itWhat about the case where the author of the Voynich Manuscript still spoke the proto-human tongue, i.e. that it was authored in an environment where that language was still relatively active, and has since dissipated? We do know that there have been communities of humans that have persisted since pre-history - the Sentinelese. Its an idle speculation, but one has to wonder if their language has been studied well enough to have been applied to the Voynich solution.Anyway, thanks again for the insight. Protong is a pet hobby of mine, but I don t take it fully seriously - I just happen to think the idea of an encoded, pre-historic language to be found in all ancient art is fascinating, even if not legitimate in terms of scientific accuracy. Its the programmer in me, I suppose, which hopes to see the assembly language instructions that make up a broader set of symbols...
Reminds me of a weird kids toy from the 90s before electronics made this sort of analog trickery less cost effective, that was meant to make weird sci fi sounds like that by having a slinky like spring inside a tube. Wish I could find a decent picture or tear down but trying to remember borderline throwaway cost county fair toy names is hard enough two decades on, and on top of that the names were never brand names just decals slapped onto a cardboard tube, so it was whatever they tried to sell it as, I remember a lot of cash in not a lightsaber type naming towards the end of the 90s after the Star Wars prequels started hitting the cinemas.
Then you re selecting for people who are overconfident blowhards, who don t really know as much as they think they do.
OK - I ve done it.
.. Well, that escalated quickly..I would say, there is not much left to know and I ll get the 30 b d toaster.Nice one. Actually i thought myself the same just right the moment of seeing the news when I opened my eyes in waking from sleep. Dreamed about analyzing avocado and it s degree of becoming dark depending on amount of oxygen within the package.
Previous discussion
Downvoted you because this looks like astroturfing. New account, seemingly random nickname, a persona matching the target audience of this site and several postings with purely positive content and a style that doesn t look right on HN.That said, the Surface Pro 2 looks really appealing.
Note the step of adding it to your compost, not to your soil directly.The charcoal acts like a sponge for water soluble nutrients in the soil if you add it to the soil directly, it will suck them out of the soil first, temporarily depleting it. Long term it acts as a reservoir, but you want it to go into your garden full.
Hey, Tree-sitter author here. Thanks for posting! Let me know if you have questions about the project.
I personally prefer sizes that are multiple of 8 because it works well with grid-based layouts and popular CSS libraries and design tools like Tailwind and Figma also adopt this system, although not strictly. However, I agree with your general sentiment that the exact number does not matter much. It will matter less even more when Container Queries become a common practice.
My instinct in that situation was to talk to the person about what I was reading when I felt they were getting impatient. Not let them have a conversation about hurrying up.
One problem with all of those ideas about the end of capitalism is that they are missing the core point of capitalism itself, which is having money i.e. financial assets, i.e. the capital as a store of value.The article uses the comparison with the end of feudalism, but feudalism only ended once one form of value store -- the land -- was replaced by another -- the capital. As long as some form of society exists, there will be a need for a way to store and transfer value.
Any good articles I can check out that go into this in depth, or should I just check out the tutorials documentation? Thanks
That was very informative thanks. I think the biggest problem with allowing the 2008 crisis to run it s course is the same problem with the 1920s. It would create a Great Depression that, for the longest time, we didn t think we could even get out of. Of course with the 2008 bailout, the banks got bailed out but the citizenry did not.Having said that, I m not sure it was the right decision.
Good point on updates. But if Debian pulled in latest every 2 years Debian release cycle , wouldn t that be enough. I can t imaging improvements being so urgent.Also, agreed on the need for this on IoT stuff. But it s about muscle memory. I want to type the same way on. all devices. Not oh, I m on a server, use this command. Oh, I m on an IoT device, use a different command
The one I remember is the last reference there Jos Stam, Stable Fluids 1999 of his papers
You can delete your data fairly easily from their website. Takes about 30 seconds. Of course this assumes your data hasn t been leaked elsewhere, and that they are compliant.
It s just a standard Wordpress theme. Images are resized dependent on the device you are viewing on. Viewed on mobile or tablet, the hero image is at the top and scrolls through as you read.
I just saved this list into my phone for future reference. These are some solid questions I ve skirted around before but never consistently followed didn t for my current position, probably should have
I hate to impune their skills since I don t know the person and this could just have been a hastily written and poorly thought through article, but for me it brings into question their claims as a cyber security expert with 10 years experience.
The limb analogy is apt, but in my experience I d change the analogy slightly and make the animal losing a limb a dog. There is a saying that a dog is really a 3-legged animal born with a spare leg . A three legged dog in a short time adapts and knowing a few tripod pooches in my life, my experience is they get along just fine, and to them, are not impaired compared to their 4 legged counterparts. I think companies are like that too. Layoffs can create definite temporary operational challenges. However, in organizations I have been in that have experienced layoffs, you just adapt and in time and eventually don t notice the impairment the layoff caused. It s just the new normal.
I m extrapolating from my experiences, though I don t think research disagrees with me here.Here is the first one I could find We identified only a single outbreak in an outdoor environment, which involved two cases. The first salient feature of the 318 identified outbreaks that involved three or more cases is that they all occurred in indoor environments.And another A database of more than 20,000 cases including the 7,324 Chinese cases found 461 that were associated with transmission in completely outdoor environments predominantly crowded events like markets and rallies. emphasis mine Your points about attendant risks are probably true though. People will definitely congregate to drink beer and eat soup, and we ll have another carnival on our hands
This will be the tipping point if it gets hard to find gasoline stations. I won t buy an EV until the very end as the technology is so basic right now. It has to improve and I think we need to get to the point of driving thousands of miles on one charge before it ll be wholly accepted.
Banks don t loan out deposits, their ability to make loans isn t dependent upon savings
We re a design agency that went fully remote for the first time during the pandemic last year. It was a bit of a shock, but we tried our best to get to this new way of working.With remote teams, there s no end to the tools we can use to be more efficient, productive, motivated... you get the drill.But time-off tools are almost always an afterthought that is, until information gaps and unplanned absences wreak havoc on project plans.When you use all-in-one HR tools and spreadsheet hacks, some pretty hair-raising stuff happens 1 When applying for time off is complicated, teams don t take a break2 You lose track of who s in and who s out, and plans start to suffer3 Overworked teammates start feeling burnt out and unhappy more often than usual4 Too many features overwhelm your team and the pricing makes you cry.These scarily common problems hamper the well-being of high-autonomy teams.We ve been there so we decided to built a product internally last year to solve this.It worked so well that we started slowly sharing it with other folks and now, more than nine months later, we re really excited to announce that our product s finally launched on Product Hunt and is currently at 3 !Pause helps teams 1 Take time off2 Know colleagues availability3 Create transparent policies4 Plan better togetherWe ve built Pause to integrate with some commonly used work tools like Slack and Google Calendar so that it s easy to use and you don t have to switch contexts too much.We re looking forward to answer any questions you folks might have!
I think the bigger question is when do we grant an information automata the right to survive? If we use evolutionary algorithms with survival as a selection bias just like humans eventually creatures that think like us should emerge.Whereas there are intelligent automata, like say a search engine, that absolutely could not care either way whether you turn it off or not. The survival selection bias is the difference, and it s seeing something struggle to survive that activates our empathy emotions to save it.I imagine we ll know the line of when it would be evil to go against our own instincts and turn off an intelligent automata that wants to survive when we see it
Not sure how many people are still stuck with flashMy mom is a school teachers and a lot of the web materials provided for their curriculum are still flash-based. Although the publishers have started to transition, the older flash apps tend to be richer in content and less buggy.
New features can reduce the complexity of code, but they cannot reduce the complexity of the language.C programmers still need to know what new and delete do, so they can work with older code that uses them. They also need to learn what auto does, so they can work with newer code that uses it. The behavior of auto isn t trivial how many C programmers understand the difference between auto v and decltype v ?
I was just visiting Switzerland and these prices are 2 times what s paid there. And like 3-4 times what s paid in Central Europe.
An again they mention that watching a YouTube video is not a web experience... This is like not accepting that Web evolved, as if Web could only be what we can see with Mosaic 1.0.
There is strong evidence that when humans first arrived in locations they had never existed before, mass extinctions of megafaunal species occurred. And this was thousands of years ago, before we collectively had any idea about the dangers of biodiversity loss, climate change, or the sheer extent of the power we wielded as a species. The first time we ever thought about the greenhouse effect as a tangible concept was only 200 years ago.Given that it required us thousands of years to develop a scientific mindset to even be able to comprehend the scope of our own destruction, I can t see how we could have stopped ourselves any sooner.The recent uptick in energy consumption is now magnifying the problem at an exponential rate, but it doesn t sound agreeable or practical to prevent people from spreading around to consume all the resources we have, or to smack the newly invented, frivolous and energy-draining devices from their inventors hands the moment they ve been first actualized.
There is always rice in that stupid trough around the edge. Always. I clean it, and then I come back the next day and there s rice there again.
If this happened in the US, it s likely that the island would be his property under adverse possession law
I want mine with a GSM-ish modem and no lifetime data plan. That should make it cheaper.
How to type sudo . flash ? Oh come on.Clearly you have no idea what you are talking about. Installing coreboot requires extracting existing firmware, locating and extracting blobs from it, removing ME, configuring coreboot and payload s . They could even patch any of the things along the way to add additional functionality e.g. tianocore actually breaks fairly often, and requires debugging and patching .Yea, the author learned some things, but that doesn t mean all other options are learn nothing even if they are for you .
I support any lawsuit against Microsoft. They deserve it.
What s amazing is that Indian classical music has no key.That s pretty much the same as hitchhikers tuning their guitars by ear with no perfect pitch skill. Anything within a couple of steps is good enough.What fascinates me is that they are ok with staying in the same chord for the entire repertoire, that some perceptions i.e. minor scales chords are sad while major ones are happy seem to be universal.
I thought of the same. But if this is free and with a vibrant community of libraries, it could make an even bigger splash!
Again?
I m going to generalize here. It s important to note that there are exceptions, but they are _exceptions_.You re working for a company, not a person. Companies exist as a way to make money they have _no_ other motivation. Notions of fairness, decency, humanity, etc, have zero relevance to corporate behaviour. People who work for companies are actively discouraged, even prohibited, from using human morality or fairness as criteria in deciding what to do corporate decisions are about the short-term financial gains for shareholders.Employment policies exist to codify the processes used to achieve this goal, because people a fallible, and tend to have moral scruples, and that gets in the way of perfect implementation of the corporate will. They re necessarily a blunt instrument, with inefficiencies, but in a company staffed by humans, that s the best it can do.The costs of employing someone have several parts salary benefits to the employee, taxes due to the locality they re employed, and the costs of equipment, services, office-space, etc, needed by the employee.The goal of the company is to get the best most output for the least cost. With some initial overheads setting up foreign legal entities, structuring to support remote work, etc foreign workers are often a means to this end.The only reason the company talks about cost of living , etc, is because that s what potential employees tell it when they negotiate or refuse a job offer. It doesn t care it just knows that unless it pays that much, people will work for its competitors instead.The reason you re paid less is because you ll work for less. And if not you, then someone else in a similar location. If the company can get more output for less money elsewhere, it will. The only reason the company has local staff is because it believes that not having them will ultimately cost more in quality, in agility, in reputation, whatever. Often this corporate belief is biased racist .So, what to do?Find a company that realizes that the best people are not all magically located in California, and is prepared to pay more so that it gets the benefits of your work rather than one of its competitors. As other commenters have mentioned in negotiating your salary, point out that you have other options, and if they want you, they need to be willing to out-bid their competitors.But your current employer has limited scope for this you really need to move. Once you re employed, the company counts on you being risk-averse enough to stay, even if you re relatively under-paid. The only way to level up is to move.Good luck!
Yeah see, that d be neat. I ve heard a lot of unpleasant bra stuff and it d be cool if women could just not have them if it was such a hassle. I ve heard from women doctors generally refuse breast reduction unless its considered medically necessary or has written permission from a male long-term partner.
Discussed a couple of days ago.
Interesting! I haven t read much on Wake island yet, there s so much to read and learn!
Visa Plaid very recently
Because some books are more valuable than others. You might enjoy Harry Potter, but if your only copy of a calculus 101 is deteriorating you will erase Harry Potter and copy the calculus text over the top to save the more important calculus book - or maybe you would erase the calculus textbook to copy Harry Potter over the top. This is a statement of relative value when paper is scarce, but it doesn t mean they didn t value the lost text, just that the replacement was even more valuable. If they had plenty of paper they wouldn t have erased the lost text in the first place and probably would have made a new copy.
That is definitely impossible. Fusion is a highly radioactive process, a large part of the fusion energy is emitted as high speed neutrons, which interact with any material they find and turn it brittle and radioactive. Even if they are relatively easy to shield from, the shield will pretty quickly become highly radioactive. Not to mention, these things will leak tritium - radioactive gas that is impossible to contain. It won t be in huge quantities, so it s not expected to be a major problem for power plants, but if it s running 24 7 a few meters away from you, that will likely change.Not to mention that a failure in the magnetic confinement could still spew plasma, which would definitelybe hot enough to kill or maim anyone close by.
This site has actually been around for a while. Great Coles Notes for SEO. But if you have the time, watch the full videos from Matt. His advice is required listening.
People are so worried about terrorists. Guess what they won! If you don t believe me then try getting on a commercial flight, or try bringing a cool electronics project to school some time.The hoax bomb charge that they are still considering doesn t make sense to me. As someone who has seen a lot of improvised explosive devices 0 hoax means something very specific. I occasionally encountered hoax devices which were deliberately placed to monitor our response. Finding one meant you could be sure you were on camera. Here the police seem to use hoax to mean someone got scared of an empty cardboard box, or in this case a cool electronics project. The difference is intent just like selling oregeno or baby powder can get you in trouble for selling drugs if you are portraying it that way. Having something suspicious means it should be investigated, but it shouldn t be a crime unless it is intentionally portrayed as an illegal object. 0 Roughly 100 in Baghdad in 2005.
Look at the C in Choc it starts with a little right tick and then reverses. The roman letter C doesn t have anything like that An initial swash or horizontal serif isn t unheard of for capital C in cursive Roman typefaces scripts.Other than that, I think you re spot on.
And does that make the point any less valid?
If you have the option of a Sudbury school nearby, you may want to look into that for your kids. The students and staff run the school jointly and students get down to the business of living life instead of doing bs work. Students are part of an accepting and just community which gives them all a compassionate and tempered view towards others. The price is giving up the gold stars academic metrics of success and simply accepting that a child has an inherent drive to find a successful path in life if given the opportunity to pursue it in a supportive environment.The community as a whole is responsible for deciding on the rules and what to do when they are violated, including possible expulsion student firing staff though, being a community, such things happen only as very last resorts. Everyone gets to tell their side of the story and the community decides as best it can with no one in a position of needing to do a knee-jerk response to cover themselves. Compassion and limits coexist.
Here s an article about the languages YC s top startups use
How does it compare to F5bot in terms of reaction time? Asking because the latter is nearly instanteneous and it s coverage is similar. It is also free.
You ve changed from perfect to representative while quintessence can mean either, the latter makes little sense with the 0 only a , the former makes perfect sense with the to refer to the concrete example best approximating an abstract ideal, and this is exactly how the construction the quintessential X is generally used. 0 except in the context of some feature where the example perfectly represents the aggregate in a way no other single example does.
Try hiring a Hadoop or Machine Learning Architect, Ruby dev are easier trust me!
Apple has officially lost the plot. It s truly sad what s happened to what used to be such a great company.
Sites such as Imgur and Giphy were created to solve this problem.A lot of users simply don t know or don t recall just how barebones the original Twitter app was.
This is cool. Do you know any blog posts or documentation or threads where this is discussed in more detail?
Natural gas is also much easier to store than coal and gas turbines have much shorter startup times. Thus Natural gas provides an excellent base power to complement renewable energy.So while I am sure many would prefer a direct to renewable energy situation, natural gas is fine too.
But they do tremble! Even the stairs tremble in fear and anticipationk of structural failure ! Indeed I am trembled , being on the parallel staircase in an adjacent apartment on an adjoining wall. I pause as the elephants pass.Have a friend, non-obese and diabetic, who has learned precisely how much insulin to shoot up after various and sundry of his candy bars and caffeinated-sweet drinks. Impressive in a way.
It s not targeted. Users can add any product as long as amazon sells it
I ll rephrase The fact that I was previously ignorant of widespread hardware failures of Sony hardware probably says something itself.Hell, I ll spell it out for you those issues were not in the same league as the Xbox 360 failures. Even non-gamers, such as myself, are aware of the 360 RROD. There are fucking Cracked articles about it for crying out loud.A mechanic might know that a 2005 Toyota Tacoma has an issue where the fizzbuzz widget wears out after too many miles... Everybody knows that the Ford Pinto had an issue. The 360 RROD was Microsoft s Pinto.
Plenty of other countries with higher interest rates in the range of 7 to 9 percentage from banksTechnically, only interest rate above inflation is interesting though. Might be 8 pct at high inflation still wins out, though. and double digit from the share market.I m curious about this - we re are these emerging markets? I suppose the Asian Tigers have slowed down a bit? Parts of Africa and South Latin America?
The valleywag article seems to be saying that all Facebook employees 700? have easy access to this information, that it s considered a perk of working there. That s different from 2 or 3 sysadmins with log access.
I don t really get how WoW led to Glassdoor, just because he got a call the day after he hit max level . Correlation does not imply causation.
The play framework sounds like something you d be interested in. It abandons the Java conventions for a more rails like experience.
There is literarily a table in the FAQ flr what PPP can be used for and what it cannot be.Yeah, and it says Uses with limitations To analyse changes over time in relative GDP per capita and relative prices . PPP cannot be used to measure growth, period. PPP increase indicate absolutely nothing.No, refer to paragraphs 32-34 of the overview from the PPP Manual Nominal GDP increase indicates an increased productionNo, it doesn t. Value price x volume. If value has gone up, it means either price or volume had gone up, but you cannot say more than that for that you need real GDP. In fact PPP often increase or maintains its level in times of crisis when income level drops and unemployment rises.Yeah, GDP and GDP PPP are both imperfect metrics. They are just proxies and should be treated as such. The US is far bigger than NY and SF and even then many EU cities can more than compare The housing stock is far cheaper in the US and you get far far more for your money.So what? It doesn t change the fact that nominal GDP fails horribly as a metric for such cases.
FYI Previous discussion on the Toyota issue
I wonder if this process is prohibitively expensive for just using moulds.
How are EU citizens going to prevent a politician favoring for the wrong reasons some big corps while mandated by doing things... or carefully not doing anything... and ending up, after his her mandate, in some proxy of this big corp to be thanked nicely from the bottom of big corp wallet .It is very important to draw a clear line between right and wrong reasons, because all policitians after their mandate will end up in a corp of some sort, as life is long road.
The point the article misses is that Chinese companies often make sub-components, or they manufacture goods that are sold under US and European brands. They also manufacture a lot of low end goods where the brand doesn t matter, e.g. the coffee cup I m drinking out of. 37 of 500 respondents 7 were able to name 5 Japanese brands.I can only conclude that most of the respondents were idiots.
Honestly, for 20 you could post whatever you want on my twitter all day long.
The answer in that list is John McWhorter but it appears the author doesn t know who he is. Why McWhorter is wasting his time at such a trash publication is another question.
I am relearning refreshing math with khanacademy.org. Highly recommended!
It s missing because Apple doesn t release drivers or upstream the drivers so it s on hobbyists to reverse engineer them.
The same issue was found to be the cause of plane crashes the crew knew that something was going wrong, but did not feel that they could contradict the captain or the captain just wouldn t listen . This gave rise to the practice called Crew Resource Management CRM Crew resource management formally began with a National Transportation Safety Board NTSB recommendation made during their investigation of the 1978 United Airlines Flight 173 crash. The issues surrounding that crash included a DC-8 crew running out of fuel over Portland, Oregon while troubleshooting a landing gear problem. The term cockpit resource management later generalized to crew resource management was coined in 1979 by NASA psychologist John Lauber who had studied communication processes in cockpits for several years. While retaining a command hierarchy, the concept was intended to foster a less authoritarian cockpit culture, where co-pilots were encouraged to question captains if they observed them making mistakes.Source
I think in RL engineering circles offline, off-policy, generative experience replay is. In neuroscience, the idea is being actively explored, but it isn t a consensus position.
Revenge is a dish best not served.But the quote isn t talking about revenge, it s talking about schadenfreude.
I thought Google used the implementations!
I really don t know. I think it s a bit more nuanced than some of the commentary around it suggests, particularly stuff that was based on the original Wikileaks selective cut.
The market can remain irrational...
Please add a hand icon when I hover over a box. It will make me think that each box is clickable they are and the UX is improved that way.
Social media companies including YouTube, Vimeo and Facebook are removing a viral conspiracy theory video because of its claims regarding the coronavirus pandemic. The approximately 26-minute video was presented as an extremely long trailer for a full-length film titled Plandemic and features an extended interview with Judy Mikovits, a well-known figure in the anti-vaccination movement who has made various discredited claims about the effects of vaccines. By the time it was removed from Facebook, it had racked up 1.8 million views, including 17,000 comments and nearly 150,000 shares, Digital Trends reported. 0 Twitter responded to The Washington Post by stating that a tweet from Mikovits sharing a different video interview of hers does not violate its covid-19 policy but that the company has removed the hashtags PlagueofCorruption and PlandemicMovie from its searches and trends sections. 0
It s obscene that this burden falls on these folks because someone else falsely used this kid s name. The police report should be filed against the collection agency and the credit bureau, for fraud. 0 We may not have debtor s prisons anymore, but we certainly have guilty-by-default for finance. it shows how most of the world works.It certainly does, but not in the way you meant. 0 I m aware this is not legally possible I mean should in a moral sense.
I ll simply observe that it is easy to tell a fake face when presented an either or choice and when specifically asked to. Most of the time we aren t looking as closely, so while I see some commenters being very happy about their accomplishments, I don t personally see a reason to rejoice.Regardless, the AP news article 1 linked under the methods page provides some useful reading on how to detect these faces, for anyone interested. 1
I ve actually met Honnold. We talked about college a little bit, and he seemed like regular guy. Also knew people who knew people in LA who were acquainted with various A and B listers. Still surprised anyone on HN is in regular contact with him.
Some of them were and are definitely real.
The Computer Museum in Boston merged with The Computer History Museum in Mountain View, CA, which received nearly all of TCM s artifacts.
Instructions correlate to energy but not to performance. If you re benchmarking performance you should use wall clock time.
Optical signature.
Things that have helped me at various points no one thing has lasted though just because things keep changing in my life. Biggest one was quitting caffeine! Increased protein lowered carbs Quit caffeine Plan out naps 20 mins max use an app with a timer i like pzizz atm Intermittent fasting Change your lunch hour to much later or earlier in the day depending on your productivity levels
So,Action Act Environment Character Reflection Act Character Environment An agent has free will iff it engages in actionreflection cycles.Also An agent A could have taken action X vs Y ActX Env CharA vs ActY Env CharB in the sense that there is a graph of some sort linking their CharA to the CharB which could realise ActY.Eg., Bob can either steal the money or return it. Bob chooses to steal it. Bob is morally responsible for this act because there is a realisable actionreflection path from bob s actual character to the one he should have had. If bob had had this character, he would not have stolen.
I think the only thing you can turn out to be is bisexual.It s not your place to decide.
I rarely feel that bitchers have a true understanding for the extreme difficulty of the organization-wide problem Jira is trying to solve.I think the problem is that Jira is optimized for productivity theater and top-down management.When an organization deploys Jira it is usually because upper management thinks that it needs a deluge of task tracking so that everyone can stay perfectly aligned all the time.This creates an annoying amount of make-work on the part of Engineers and their immediate managers, slows down velocity and the vast majority of the time spent on inputting data into Jira never results in anything actionable.Jira is just a symptom of the disease though.
Braiiiiins, of course. Jeez.
To be honest I d put Northern Utah on your list Salt Lake area and north . Low taxes, good infrastructure, low crime, nice people, growing startup culture, amazing for B2B startups, etc.Sure, there is a religious aspect which puts people off. But like it or not, that religious aspect makes everyone quite pleasant and makes the area a nice place to live even for those who aren t of that specific denomination .
It s the hedonistic treadmillEverybody loves a startup small business.When it grows then people still appreciate the quality of life that the growing company provides.At some point though the startup becomes a behemoth and the rate of improvement in quality of life provided by the behemoth slows down. It s natural, S-curves rule the world.But the hedonistic treadmill has already took hold of the population and all of a sudden with the rate of improvement in quality of life slowing down they all take a long and hard look at the monetary rewards reaped by the company and the entrepreneur.All that can be summed up with What have you done for me recently? If the population think that the answer is not enough then the next logical step to extract quality of life out of the company is to break it up and expropriate the entrepreneur.That way you d get yet another boost in your quality out of past purchases of products and services by de-facto retroactively stealing them. That s a good way to beat the hedonistic treadmill, to get one last hit out of the bong...or in this case out of Windows 95.On top of that you also get the huge quality of life boost of seeing somebody richer than yourself getting down at your level or even worse.So it s useless to try and reason with people. The heart wants what it wants.There is some equilibrium though . Under the current system the limit was tested most recently by Microsoft and Bill Gates.It took a 160B personal wealth back in 1999 262B today equivalentb Total domination in a newborn sector of the economy which everybody wanted to have a foot in.c Not wanting to talk with politicians and bend to play the D.C. lobbying games.d Lots of angry competitors who actually did bend and went to cry to D.C. and accepted to play their games.e But all of the above wouldn t have mattered if Windows 98 was as big of a leap in quality of life provided as Windows 95.So the lesson here is 1 You would not have to worry about the haters until you are disgustingly rich, they can moan and cry but they can t do anything.2 If you reach a stage where your company is exceptionally powerful and you are disgustingly rich and you want to keep going for more then you have to keep taking risks like you were poor and the company was a startup company. That s the only way to beat the S-curve and avoid the what have you done for me recently? question.
I love Reaper, Avid Pro Tools is too much for my purposes and all the other free or low cost DAWs didn t feel right. The 60 non-commercial license is a bargain.
The idea with SRS is that the exponential scheduling is supposed to be more efficient than random or sequential scheduling.I did study for medical exams with mnemonic techniques. Studies have shown that they do not inhibit understanding at all. In my experience they even help understanding. They totally dominate SRS on anything looking like a table or list. With text it s not as pronounced, but still you can memorize the key words, as few as possible, as many as necessary.Flashcards are first of all a rewrite of the original material. If that is really necessary, the original material sucks, at least for the purposes of the exam. The physical cards are marginally easier to use than a textbook, but then again, writing them takes a lot of time and effort.
Rather primitive typesetting on that. I wonder if anyone ever thought of a better way to typeset technical documents.
Got a lot of The Ukraine s instead. It s not the Ukraine, it s just Ukraine.
The same way any ex-wife earns their alimony.
That s why it s called alternative, not a drop-in replacement.But yes, your point is valid. Also, jquery is so ubiquitous that I see no reason to steer clear of it. If you use a CDN version of it, it s most probably already in client s cache.
Write an email that says I did X and they should do Y, but if Z then W, and we should schedule a meeting with P and Q. I feel like for most emails I write, information density is close to a maximum. This means there s no actual gain to be had from a language model. The email I would write myself is going to be about the same length as the prompt I d have to write anyway.
It only runs if you have iCloud photos enabled.Then it only runs client side and alerts if there are matches to CSAM hashes above some threshold.The other way is it runs against unencrypted images in iCloud and they d know of any match.The new method also paves the way for the iCloud photos to be encrypted they re currently not .
The tragedy of layoffs is not that the top talent won t find other work. It s more about the people who will be unjustly affected. Those that are let go through no fault of their own, those whose morale and work satisfaction is destroyed, those who were hopeful for and dedicated to projects now being canned, those who will have visa uncertainty, those who have to go through the stress of a job change, and others put in similar circumstances. Top talent is not excluded from this. But they will find work.
Anyone knows what software is being used to draw the diagrams?
Don t be Black or Asian or a woman because in some countries that s not acceptable.You don t need to follow the laws of every country at all times. I am sure I have broken plenty of Chineese laws, but that s okay because I don t live in China.
Apple users are happy to pay a premium to be able to carry around a device with an Apple logo on it for everyone around them to see. For the people who don t fit that description, the lock-ins you mention will keep them in line.Or maybe we just like the OS, build quality, or available iOS only applications? Maybe we like the battery life or the quality or the apple ecosystem. Maybe we like prompt, regular, and long term supported security updates.Pretty silly generalization.
Here s a thought I had for quite a while now Find the most notorious flat earther who also happens to have a very strong reputation in the flat earther community. Launch a Kickstarter to collect enough money to send him to space like all those billionaires do .I d hate to make a moron such an awesome present, but it could convert a lot of other morons.
The UN scheme deliberately uses the term Northern America to differentiate it from the continent of a similar name. The second sentence on the wiki page says as much Note that the continent of North America comprises the intermediate regions of the Caribbean, Central America, and Northern America.The UN uses that scheme because Mexico is part of the Latin America region and makes more sense grouped with them for statistical purposes than with the US and Canada.
That s exactly what a lot of bitcoin critics want.
That s exactly what happened with safety in automobiles remember Ralph Nader?
What would happen if you hired a lawyer and sued anyway? People agree to things all the time that wouldn t hold up in court.
Reminds me of the movie Brazil. specifically, De Niro s character People going underground to do their jobs and doing them for free! seems like a good sign of an overbearing bureaucracy.
A quick google search says gay men have cancer rates double or more than straight men, so maybe. The article doesn t mention it so they either don t think it could be linked or wanted to avoid that subject since it would obviously be a touchy one. Although, if they do think there is a connection, it does seem like it would be important to target education to those who have anal sex so they know to get more screenings.
If you re into video games, you should play Dreamfall Chapters.
Also, the article does show us the kind of knowledge that admins will always need to have, such as the tradeoffs between asynchronous and synchronous replication.
No I think if anything seeing it was a response to xargs considered harmful made me take the authors side quicker
What s the point?So you can get predicted text that looks coherent . Then what?There is literally no place to add logic. Neural net-based language models are impressive, sure, but it s not hard to see how useless they are.The only time their output is logically coherent is when they are lucky, and that seems to happen often because most of their input was logically coherent to begin with.
The first few chapters of The Unix Programming Environment by Kernighan and Pike give an excellent introduction to basic Unix concepts and usage.
The Phono guys were great in helping me integrate this on There was a small bug on their side they fixed it in a few hours.I don t really have time to continue develop pitchpower right now, but I couldn t resist integrating Phono when I saw the announcement here. All in all took less than an hour, so worth it. Back to real work now.
undeniably true. i m ashamed to say i ve broken my share of pins on those horrid things.
That is absolutely false. We cannot reliably design drugs computationally, and that doesn t even take into account the tremendously difficult problem of predicting efficacy and toxicity. Drug interactions are very complex, poorly understood, and while our ability to do predictive analysis has improved a lot, we are not even close to designing drugs computationally today. What we can do is minimize the amount of trial and error and direct fugure experiments.
The left will be able to spy on the richHas this ever really happened in the West? Rich have excellent privacy -theu anonimously own property thiugh shell companies, avoid taxes, have lawyers pursue SLAPP cases against media, pay people to stay silent in case of sexual or any other misconduict.vJust cobsider how long Eipstein got away with jt
Agreed. Though it s worth pointing out that your comment above that is dangerously close to another bad rhetoric that of the straw man.Disagreeing with anti-war advocacy does not mean advocating war.
Again someone taking looks of opposite sex personally.In hindsight it s amazing how much young people take this shit personally. Like guy getting angry to a woman for her being fat. Guy getting angry because some random woman is not attracted to him. Gal getting visually disgusted because some guy does not look appropriately attractive. Etc. Etc.Usually people get over it by their mid twenties. Some don t. Mixing fancy words to it like feminism sure does not help.
We don t chew with our mouthes open and know how to use cutlery but matter of fact Lisbon is Europe s backwater and racism sexism violence abuse are still very much present in daily life to a degree other Western European nations have long left behind. But we re not as openly bigoted as Londoners apparently - or at least friendlier about it.Maybe we re missing the superiority complex.
I think the perfect CEO for Uber is Vishal Sikka. PhD in AI cars! from Stanford - Startup founder - Revitalized SAP with in-memory HANA database - Managed Infosys with 200k employees.Vishal Sikka has both exceptional techincal skills and management experience. And he is available for a new job!Like Travis, Sikka is very bullish and calls himself a kshatriya warrior . I think that Sikka and Travis would be quite compatible with each other.
It s trying to make privacy invasions more palatable to people.
They didn t really have a choice.Only if they have IQ below the level which is considered minimum to be responsible for your actions.
I m not terribly big on the ideas of civic duty or moral duty ... especially as they are usually meant. And as you couch it, I would somewhat agree with your take if it didn t go any farther than that. However, I think it does. Assuming an egoist version of morality, where the goal of morality is the happiest life you can live over the whole of life... I still think there are good reasons to adopt many of the more precautionary steps that are being publicly urged, even if you are in a low risk group.For example. Am I better off, ultimately, living in a sicker community or not? True, I might be low risk and might not get seriously ill, but the impacts from those that do get seriously ill won t just be limited to them... economics, public expenditure, etc. all go down this path of being a net negative to my larger quality of life personally, even though I can wash my hands, etc. Add to this the likelihood that I will miss something in my precautions either through lack of knowledge or diligence, and not doing the most obvious sorts of things you might do if you were in a relatively high risk group can still lead to you becoming a vector in your own self-harm. This isn t even mentioning the fact that, while I m not high risk, I know and live with people, people that I value, who are in high risk groups for serious complications to an infection.Finally, while I don t have the right to other people s behavior in general, I do have the right to self-defense and so do others and this right is largely delegated to government. Governments rightfully, if not legally perhaps, can demand some of these things in that context.... that s not to say they d get it right... or even try to get it right... but that aspect is important.So sitting here from my egoist perspective, it s in my better interest to minimize outside contact almost as much as if I were in a high risk group.
flagged
At the time there was no good alternative with existing infrastructure in place.Today with EVs and modern battery tech that isn t true.
I didn t see it on the first run through, so had to go back. From the article There are a ton of factors that go into appraising a diamond like the one that Hollingshead discovered, but it s likely worth somewhere in the tens of thousands of dollars.
One way to combat this is to let other teams register tests in other team s projects. If a test fails, you know it breaks someone s expectations. From there, you work with that team to update both sides.
I m surprised they made it so much worse than, say, Siri on an Apple Watch which is something I ve been using for years, and which might well become my only phone if Apple ever allows me to fully manage a watch from an iPad mini .
I am not so sure about that - Reddit is one of the only sites that I turned adblock of on - their ads were too interesting and too funny to hide, which is an amazing accomplishment.And Reddit never did try very hard to moneytize their site, obvious things like self-serve ads that can be specialized on a subreddit which means that you can target r haskell with job ads - imagine how many adds you can get for the price of one recruiter , the ability to pay to have ads turned of, merch that isn t to benefit a charity, etc.
Getting a lot of drivers, a functioning network stack and all those other neat things in one package is really comfortable. And if it is connected to the internet and an actual product it might need an update, which should be easier to do with a full-fledged system underneath it then writing everything yourself. Sure it is overkill for a lot of stuff, but as IoT grows by the second there are more than enough use cases for embedded linux
I think the average developer has a better chance of finding a robust, battle tested library to do what they need than cooking up some regex of their own. Preferably, the library does not use regex at all and checks data more intelligently.
I hope not. Malls exist to satisfy people s need to walk around in their environment in our otherwise un-walkable cities. Maybe without malls, we will start to demand more walkable areas in our cities and towns.
let s1 hello world let s2 s1 copied x1 is still valid let x1 2 let x2 x1 copied x1 is still valid println! for the nd time! , s1, x1 Typo in first comment? s1 vs x1?
I could say it about Macroeconomics and English 102 but only because I had awesome teachers.I can say that one of my Calculus classes and my other English classes made me want to quit school. The teachers were horrible either arrogant and condescending or incompetent at teaching which made us a bad pair because I was an incompetent student at times .
I think no ISP would connect to others with a huge coil of fiber to add that amount of latency.
Moving accounts brings your followers with you.
I agree
cool...last I heard about MediaGoblin a self-hosted YouTube flicker media-sharing clone , they were trying to implement ActivityPub so that MediaGoblin instances could be federated. However, I haven t seen any updated news from them in over a year.
I love the idea and I ll use it !!! One question apart Framework can we have a Not needed option for all other features? What if I want authentication with no styling at all..... Thanks a lot and keep up !!,
Rounded corners suggests garden-variety border-radius usage.
I was without a phone for a month last year and it made me realize that there aren t clocks anywhere anymore. And if they are, they re not working.
Enter start city town, then multiple waypoints one by one that you want to visit, and end with finish city town. BTW it s possible to copy paste column text, separated by new line. If you enter this sequence into that field, you will get it ready for search.Adelaide Daylesford, Victoria Grampians National Park MelbourneAdelaide is start, Melbourne is finish. Two waypoints in the middle, could be routed, could be skipped, depending on time, budget, comfort, curiosity levels.
Dear god, don t use Squeak. Pharo.
I wouldn t call what the young people lying flat in china rich enough . There are stories of people in their 20s and 30s, after college or after layoffs, that they ve either got a few thousand dollars saved up or from family. They couldn t find any jobs due to 70 youth unemployment rate. Or they don t want to work in factories that pays out 2 hour and waste their degree. So they are moving to very remote countryside and renting a room for 50 month, and spending only .50 a day. Or live off of parents, what s also known as 啃老族 or eat the old.Remember the previous Chinese premier confirmed there are 700 million people living off less than 100 month a few years ago. so this living of standard is possible for young people. Especially now that there s widespread 50 reduction in wages cost of living in China.
A friend of mine has a site that does something similar. It uses music theory to generate real-sounding music for musicians to practice sight-reading.
From the article, the National Cable and Telecommunications Association is quoted as saying that Sony Google are asking the Commission to ignore copyright, patent, trademark, contract privity, licensing, and other legal rights and limitations that have been thoroughly documented. Such dishonesty defines the terms of the conflict, and makes it clear that the conflict is not at all about who is right, or what is best for consumers, but rather what makes the most money in the very short term.Not, of course, to say that the AllVid Alliance isn t also pursuing similar motivations. Rather, it seems that in this case that the NCTA relies heavily upon dishonesty about the AllVid Alliance s position in order to make their case. That should say something about which side consumers, developers, activists, etc. should be most comfortable supporting.
So the developers from Tesla are engineers, but the devs from Twitter are just workers . So is also on-site code evaluation . Interesting word choice from the Post, whose owner is a known critic competitor of Musk.
IKEA was a huge brand before the internet was there to make it important for people to type its name correctly..
Depends upon whether you want to perpetuate a subclass that is poorly paid, or have them find a better deal for themselves.
Oh crap, wrong thread. Sorry about the off-topic.
VPN software is simpleCan someone explain why VPN software is simple ? I thought it encrypted your data so they cannot be inspected, plus if you tunnel over the HTTP HTTPS ports how can VPN traffic be separated out from regular traffic?
I was studying this difference between the two compilers for a different issue, actually. According to the standard, I don t see anything that prevents an increment of a volatile to be performed in a single instruction if the target permits it. Splitting it to a separate load binop store by gcc seems like an over-pessimization.
If Ukraine started a nuclear weapons program, they would be in violation of the NPT treaty. Sanctions and loss of Western support would be virtually guaranteed.
When I refresh I get Internal Server Error 34Cool idea though, will try again later.
The Grand Theft Auto series including V uses bullet, which is a cross-platform open source alternative Havok is clearly the dominant player in AAA
link did not work. This one does
In math usage an ℝ might be the Regular set and involved in equations that use a variable R. It s not unusual, and in fact, sometimes important, when reciting math as speech to make it clear which is the bold or set or group R, versus which is the ordinary R.
I don t pay for support. So yes.
But that is contingent on whether it is one work on not, which in GNU s speculation depends on how it s linked, which is not clear how to understand this for Python, and the intimacy of the communication, which is not something which we can objectively measure. We believed it would likely be one work, the plugin s author believed it would not be. All of this was just months of wasted energy, spending arguing about licence terms instead of coding.
And they re right to do that . A base of the pyramid attack on Apple and Samsung sounds like their only option.Only Samsung and chinese companies are cornering that market, which was formerly Nokias .
But isn t this in many ways actually even more risky?When Parliament gets its vote, the two year exit period will almost certainly be almost over and a vote of Parliament will not be able to stop the exit. Instead it will be a vote on the new arrangements with the EU. So either they just have to rubberstamp whatever gets put to them or - if they vote down these new arrangements - Britain will be left outside of the EU without any new deal in place.
Nope - buyers just ignore these.
And even if it were, Musk builds the best rockets ever and stuff like that and to a first approximation knows how they work.Being fed the tour guide s summary and high-level overview of an event is not the same thing as knowing how they work.Elon Musk s virtues start and stop at the way projects were funded. He comes in, buys existing companies, pays people to continue doing the work, and that s it. It s well established that his takes are merely performative and with a substance of a pre-pubrescent edgy rant.If there was any value in Elon Musk s takeover of Twitter, and the hot mess that his tenure has been, is to put the spotlight on how incidental the success of companies like SpaceX is regarding Elon Musk s influence. You re talking about the guy behind stunts like the pedo guy incident and yanking live servers out of their sockets as a cost-cutting measure.
Yes, for example ADP.
On passport, but also in the database of the department. Thing is that my country government administration sucks and those databases are not shared, so when you will get citizen ID with your fingerprints and photo, then you will go to get your driving license, you will need to get them photo again, because internal affairs department and traffic department does not talk to each other despite the fact, that they have offices in same building.
They are not alleged at this point, they are real, and we have enough data that proves it.What was it? 6 cases out of 7 million doses? That doesn t even look like a correlation, let alone a side effect.
It does. It s not that cancer or cancerous substances are new , we ve just eliminated managed the causes of death which used to kill us.
If anyone is feeling relaxed about the prospect of war, I recommend reading The World of Yesterday by Stefan Zweig, which is about exactly this moment. it describes the build-up to WWI in Vienna, where the feeling was very much nobody is stupid enough to start, or be taken in by the idea of, a large-scale war , which was only true until it wasn t. The most chilling aspect of it for me was the way that people who Zwieg had previously considered calm and sensible became rabidly pro-war in a very short space of time.
Even in urban traffic, a porsche is a far more exciting ride than a run-of-the-mill car.
With this. I am the author Not one step exactly, but it is by far the easiest way to write least privilege IAM policies. Otherwise, it becomes impossible to ensure IAM policies are written securely and at scale. This way, all custom IAM policies are written with the exact same methodology.
There is a lot of region-specific data that isn t in OSM. Governments at national and regional level often have records that have not been integrated into big services for example.If this project could let all these services interoperate better, that would be a great advance.
My use of the word quality refers to their personal qualities that are relevant to relationships. I don t mean that people who do this can t be interesting and worthwhile people, but they re certainly not the type of people you want to marry.That s how I was using quality too. I m not sure that I would refuse to marry someone simply because she had engaged in casual sex from time to time when she was younger.A person s sexual history is evidence of that person s character or lack thereof .To a degree, I agree with you - it can be in some cases. But I m not convinced that occasional casual sex necessarily indicates lack of character.If a person gets into the habit of casual sex when young, that person s almost certain to cheat in a long-term relationshipAnd there s the rub. I totally disagree with this statement.Oh, and for what it s worth, I ve never had casual sex. I ve only had one partner, and we dated for two years.
Not to be confused with U r , an easy typo to make in English.
Quotes do not require the plus sign as a placeholder for space, unless I m missing something. I often use quotes to search for specific Linux error messages with great success any hit that isn t a direct match gets shafted.
He haphazardly ordered turning off bloated microservices, including the one responsible for sending auth codes via SMS for 2FA... Learning through mistakes is a thing particularly for newbies, but a CEO should absolutely have a clue about not micromanaging, especially in areas he practically doesn t understand and after firing most people who do.
Apple is basically free of backwards compatilbiitly concerns, since they use LLVM and Xcode. They have previously required all new apps to be recompiled for the current version.It won t be too long before Apps that have not been updated in 2 years start disappearing from the store-- that s all they d have to do and the app makers would comply.
should delete all of the messagesI d hope not. Deleting a Facebook account shouldn t delete all of the messages sent from it from their receivers inboxes -- what if a long time friend decided to delete there Facebook profile? I could lose years worth of conversation with them. Messages belong as much to the receiver as the sender, if not more.
I am also not a lawyer, but I spend a great deal of time reading about these things and how they re handled in the courts.Ambiguity in law is handled in at least two different ways in criminal matters, ambiguity is read in the most favorable light for the defendant in regulatory matters, the interpretation adopted by the regulatory agency responsible for the law s implementation is considered binding so long as it is permissible construction of the statute. The latter is commonly known as the Chevron doctrine 0 The long and short of it is that this bill, if enacted, will mean whatever the Executive Branch says it means. If it s particularly egregious, then their interpretation will be challenged in court and perhaps eventually trimmed down a bit.0
Superior products launched earlier ignored for lack of effective marketing, while an arguably less innovative and minimalist but attractively packaged product geared towards a grossly underserved niche succeeds in capturing attention because the competition in that niche is ossified and terrible?One could almost try to extract a lesson out of that...
Should all also be in .PHONY or is it a special case?
I still run into the bug
We re in beta testing of our DIY tax-loss harvesting software, Ready for April. Please sign up on our website to get a login to calculate how much you could save on your taxes this year by tax-loss harvesting in your portfolio in just a few easy steps. We d love your feedback!Ashin
Does that matter? The idea of deserving is sort of predicated on their being some sort of higher guiding force sorting us into piles. Being aware of the ways you have benefited from historical circumstance is an important thing.I think, basically Don t be worried about whether or not you deserve the things you ve been gifted. Maybe worry instead about whether or not you re using those gifts for some good.
1. Web development - go from dabbler to very competent2. Voice - I m about 1 3 the way through a huge singing course3. Empathy - I want to get better at really putting myself in someone else s frame of mind.4. Maybe pick up basic conversational skills in another human language, but this one s at the bottom because I know how much time is involved.
Reminds me of Ursula Leguin s the ones who walk away from Omelas which is pretty horrifying in its own way.
world reserve asset.Except it s extremely unsuited for this purpose despite of what some delusional people might be thinking. No at at least semi stable country ever will use bitcoin as their primary reserve asset...
This is recommended by Barbara Oakley, one of the authors of the Learning How to Learn course at Coursera. stigma against rote practice has damaged my past learning efforts. I thought I was learning things the wrong way. -
Direct to Video have a post about the technical details if people are interested
Pretty much impossible, would need to defeat https ct. You would have to spoof .google.com within chrome.
Not sure why you can t have a bit of CSS just because you don t want your data collected.
Likewise, Midwest ie ND, SD, Minnesota, etc can get down to -20 easily few weeks out of the year in January February. Not unsurvivable but definitely not good to shift into drive without letting things flex from heat a bit first.
Pet peeves, falling for anti-cigarette propaganda.In moderation with a healthy diet they are as fine as Twinkies and 32oz Mountain Dew.Like Mountain Dew they are abused so perhaps abstinence is best, depends on personal will power.
If you want to sell a game engine, sell a game first.
No, what? You end up confirming what I said it s an application issue - be it free or proprietary. But in her case, phone syncing in a proprietary world is more of a problem.I think she meant it like I m dependent on MAC Technology and I can t get out .
Because fair use is an exception to copyright itself. A copyright license can t take away your legal right to fair use.
As a former credit card thief I would have loved this. You mean I don t have to buy 10,000 of card printing and embossing equipment to create a fake clone of a card? Yes please!As a consumer I d love to have something like this but it will never fly. Stores will lose liability protection since there is no security. Unless they partner with card issues to provide some kind of secure card verification it will end up being banned by merchant agreements. No store in their right mind would accept it.
If they have them more to send. At least for a while, North Korea s supply will be heavily constrained. Iran even more so. Another major world power would be a problem though.
The easiest antidote for procrastination is boredom.From my experience with young people, the worst procrastinators will often choose boredom over the task they re avoiding. Doing nothing at all is less painful to them than doing the work they re avoiding.This is even more true for the perfectionist procrastinators They are avoiding some exaggerated hypothetical pain that might come from failing at a task. If they never finish the task, they can t experience that disappointment. Some of them will happily do nothing at all, walk around, or daydream to avoid even engaging with their computer, because engaging with the computer would remind them that they re procrastinating, which would remind them that failure to deliver is also imperfection. Of course, this requires some discipline and self-awareness.Unfortunately, the people with the worst procrastination problems are in their situation largely due to a lack of discipline and self-awareness in some variation.
Wait.. I am new to all this US legal stuff. So because bank did not response to his letter, sheriff put bank building on sale? or I misunderstood article?
The US Federal Government is extremely limited in its ability to impose lockdowns or other NPIs on the states, much in the same way that in 2020, Trump could not force them to be open. The US system of government grants these rights to the individual states, most of which have removed the restrictions and or delegated the decisions to cities and counties.The limited amount of restrictions imposed by the Fed are already being challenged and overturned in courts.
This is probably the output of asking an LLM to generate a privacy policy.
Fox News is the most watched news channel on the continent.They have high viewership in spite of the fact that liberals have complete dominance over so-called official news media centers of cultural production, as well as universities. Conservatives don t control government or anything else in any meaningful sense. Just look at American govt over the course of the 20th 21st century to see that progressives squarely won in terms of shaping the size, scope spending of govt. has nothing to do with political lefts and rightsYou re supposing a True Scotsman that liberals aren t true left or something, that s complete nonsense. You may as well be regretting that a horse isn t a unicorn.Tech companies are overwhelmingly biased towards liberals. Don t play dumb.
Outside of the siege of Ft. Pitt where most seem to consider the attempt ineffective , when else was germ warfare tried in the colonies USA?
This collaboration between the three physicists and Tao actually started its life in a r math comment thread! One of the reddit commenters pointed the physicist I don t know which of the three was asking the question to a mathoverflow answer of Tao s resolving a similar question. Here s the posts and it s followups
Yep.wordpress.com locks people in, making it hard to later migrate to the open source version of WordPress.
why would I pay for news when I can get it for free Why do people buy Time magazine or National Geographic? There is a big difference between news and better well researched background articles. There are whole brick-and-mortar stores dedicated to selling magazines like this. It doesn t take a lot of imagination to transfer this to the web, or has it has become quite popular lately, a tablet of some sort.
Well, I initially thought it was a webapp where you upload images of your mockup something you designed in photoshop to share with your clients.But then I realized you re supposed to use your arsenal of tools to edit the page, at which point I m thinking is this just loading an existing page and letting you edit it? But then I went back and watched the video and now I see that it s straddling this awkward middle ground. You use the term mockup, rather than wireframe and you re concerned with it being pixel perfect. So if a design were going to integrate this into their workflow they wouldn t even touch photoshop? They d go straight to jMockups and make their website there, after which point they can export a PNG to reconstruct in HTML CSS? It just seems unintuitive, as most designers start by creating this png or psd in Photoshop.Lemme know where I m wrong.
that may be true now but I think its fair to say that the fear is it will lead to banking data being sucked into the FB ecosystem followed by any number of scary scenarios.if your argument is oh you dont have to use it , that doesn t works either because they can offer you a slight service rate discount depending upon the desperateness of you situation. remember FB already has access to a lot of your data through FB whatsapp insta pretty pervasive tracking everywhere. they are rapidly achieving monopoly status in many communication forms so some panic is warranted when they go after your banking or healthcare data.let me paint a picture not too implausible for you. you walk into a hospital, as it stands today there is no way you can find out the costs of services you are gonna consume without having to go through the complicated dance of billing negotiation copays etc. Now say there is a tie-up between FB Banks Insurance companies and hospitals because why the heck not . they can track you, find exactly how much money you have what your cash flow looks like. you have to be incredibly naive to think they will not use this information to create some kind of adaptive pricing to squeeze every last penny out of you before they let you go. now let take this a step further, how about FB turning into a kind of payday lender for your unpaid hospital bills? All you need is one in-elastically priced service to monetize the shit out of that.this is just one example that took me 2 minutes to think, it can get WAY worse!the bigger issue that IMO bothers people deeply but they are often dont articulate is tech used to be about building bridges but now tech is basically trying to turn everything into a toll-booth.
Not familiar with those....are they interchangeable for money?I d like to be able to easily send 5 to a friend via facebook, or 25 cents to the author of a blog post I enjoyed. Others have tried the micropayments, but it needs a heavyweight to really pull it off. Maybe facebook can buy a startup that has it nicely figured out technically, but can t get traction.
While we re at it, Fp64?
What about having another free Heroku app to do the background processing?Anyone tried that or would the Heroku guys kill such a thing?
Not only that, but Twitch Prime s no-advertising benefit is disappearing. New prime subscriptions or renewals after September 14 will no longer have that feature. Instead, it will cost 108 year to purchase separately.
The problem is that ALL sites start without styles and then any CSS is added on top of this even the site you linked to has some styling - margins, foreground and background color are all set in CSS .Most websites do not restyle every element. For example, if you go into your browser and set the default color to be bright pink, you will find 1-in-10 websites won t set their own foreground color because they know the default is black and forget to set it and so the text will be pink. I even started collecting some! you changed the default styles then millions of websites would look really weird.You can set your own defaults though and test it out!
A hobby operating system project - everyone s gotta have one, right?There are many like it but this one is mine an x86_64 bare bones kernel project, doesn t do much except for boot and handle some interrupts. There s a little multitasking and some related stuff.Unfortunately there s only a finite amount of time in the world, and not too much of it is available for me to dedicate to this project.
How does an ORM know what your database schema is at compile time? Honest question.
There are so many but here are a few 1. Lack of real VCs. 2. Lack of non-predatory Angels. 3. Lack of a start-up culture. 4. Risk adversion from everyone especially customers. 5. Geographical distance. 6. Cultural cringe towards anything developed in Australia. 7. Time zone difference. 8. Overvalued currency. 9. Cultural obsession with real estate speculation as the way to get rich.
Feedstock is the problem here there s simply not enough net primary productivity on the planet, and humans already appropriate 20 .There are some marginal gains possible, but on the order of single-digit percentages of present fossil fuel consumption. Maybe low double-digits.The US had a largely biofuel based transport system in 1900. Horses consumed 20 of all US grain production, the population was under 100m, and transport generally was a small fraction of today s values or at least last year s per capita closer to 300 mi yr, much of that walking, than 15,000.
I mean, I guess! I can t say I feel damaged by it in the least rather, enriched! , but I m sure not every person will have the same experience.
The two terms are not interchangeable. Entertainment is included in culture, but the article is about entertainment only but used culture in the title.
I don t think either of those would perform as well as just a stripped down epoll shim, which is basically just stripped down nginx.
I heard that snakes won t die until sunset.
what tricks can I use to not get denied on C.C.
Making no assumption on safety, just stating that forward declarations are superfluous.
Everybody is missing the elephant in the room with ICQ, which is why it was popular In my mid 20 s, i d come back from the pub drunk, login, search for girls online now near me and send them messages. Was usually somebody drunk at the other end, had a few fleeting relationships from that.Nothing since, including Facebook, has had that same immediacy.
Obvioysly the world at large.Would you consider your use of fire e.g. for cooking illegitimate if the creator of fire said so? No, must eat food raw! Fire is meant for heating only! Ugh! .
The goal of capitalism is to produce more than one is capable of consuming i.e. market economy where one produces and sells to multiple people instead of just themselves .There are various equilibrium states between supply and demand, but utility is infinite. If utility is infinite, then the goal of production is to satisfy an equally infinite debt to maximizing utility.
Cool stuff!
Denmark is actually, literally, in the Merriam-Webster definition of Social Democracy Democratic Socialism. 1 Your one-word denials are unhelpful and uninteresting. Cite some sources and make a case. 1
I think you re wrong. These companies are very aware of what their customers users think think of all the data! . It s asinine to think that these companies, with corporate boards and a legal mandate to produce profit, would just out some amount of users and reduce revenue. They clearly don t think the amount of users they are affecting with these actions are significant enough to damage them, especially compared to the costs of enabling these domestic terrorists.These groups are not some good ol boys looking to have measured debate about monetary policy. They are literally trying to kill elected officials and undermine democracy.More directly, the average voter very clearly seems to care, when you re looking at these actions in an economic light.
nah, giving implies that you have a choice in the matter.
Establishing a consistent level of competence and training for entrants is important for consistent quality in the field. It will also help companies to stop inventing their own unique interview process and just look for verified accreditation when determining whether to hire someone.It s absolutely bonkers that some companies don t trust the general population of devs with 5 years of verified experience and still gives them technical interviews. But you can t really point them to a good standard to hire with either.
Apple had a near death experience in the 1990s.Microsoft was profitable all along I think .
Don t let that slow you down. Just launch the damn blog post and let your readers tell you what you should hope to accomplish.
The factory default is that you only charge to 90 , and they advise you to only go to 100 for trips.We do 80 , but are willing to raise it for trips.The reason why it matters is that charging lithium ion batteries to 100 lowers their lifespan. Since we don t need the range normally, we leave it at 80 .
There are other battery technologies on the 5 year horizon that bring another doubling.I m curious about these. Are you referring to silicon anodes, or metallic lithium anodes and solid ceramic electrolytes and improved separators ? I can t find much about the improvements. Or other improvements, say in cathodes, or cell design say reducing the mass of anode and cathode contacts , packaging or pack design? I thought LG s wireless within-pack BMS comms was a clever way to reduce volume, weight, and copper requirements.There are lots of incremental improvements possible, but getting from 500 to 1000 Wh kg is a big ask. Now we just need to create more electric potential!!The less-solved problem is essentially political building more transmission grid. That involves landowners...
It s possible to have that remotely! It takes effort and requires intentionality, but you can make it happen.We do daily 30 minute standups - which we intentionally run inefficiently at this point. It s a great time for watercooler talk, catching up, and generally building rapport that s hard to build at remote companies.We also do twice weekly hang-out sessions. It takes some time to develop the habit. It s probably not for everyone but it s been incredibly positive for our team.
Providing the same services as Google will not get people to switch from Google, even if Bing provided somewhat better results. Google got people to switch because they didn t just provide astonishingly better results, they did things quite differently than others. If Bing wanted people to switch, they have to do something different, not just do the same things better .Bing can t win by offering a better way to Google
Then maybe we can do the same for the Federal minimum wage? This is just a floor. States can take this and run with it to increase local teacher salaries beyond the floor. Sanders knows it won t pass in this corrupt senate, but possibly a future one may take this seed of an idea and make something workable.
I think the implication is that he could talk to his friends , more than doing things directly.
As an avid soccer fan, no! On the East Coast, Champions League matches now kick off at 3 45! I leave work at 4. This is the best time of the year!
If you dislike automatic transition I guess you ll not like self driving cars.
Breadth and depth of fame are orthogonal.Unless he does some remarkable philanthropy, Zuckerberg will be forgotten shortly after Tom from MySpace. Facebook isn t really fundamental to anything, it s just a business that executed an existing concept very well.RMS may never be well known to the general public, but his reputation within his field is likely to endure in a manner similar to Euclid or Eratosthenes. GNU and the GPL are foundational elements of modern computing. Stallman had the fundamental insight that software is inherently political, then built a large part of the infrastructure necessary for humanistic software to flourish. The landscape of modern software would be utterly unrecognisable without the contributions of RMS.
You mean, it all started twelve years a-go
2 months worth of oxy for getting wisdom teeth pulled kind of thingI saved mine after wisdom tooth root canal combo and used them as mood enhancer later.I am not sure I am addicted to them though. I find this theory hard to believe that opioid overdose is an end result of series of missteps starting from wisdom tooth oxy prescription.
A cynic would say that quite a few of the books on the non-fiction best-seller lists are never read, and so cannot deteriorate through use. I can pick out four or five at least on the list at that I doubt may purchasers or recipient have read past page 50. Should it be forbidden to resell them?
Sign up for the api, they only start charging end of month.
It sure is. There are plenty of people who want an iPhone but can t afford and or simply don t need want the latest, greatest version being able to run 11.0.1 isn t really a big concern for most of them . A good friend of mine just upgraded to an iPhone 4 a few months ago.Pretty much all Apple products have excellent resale value around here, anyways .
I m guessing they have a lot more data than is practical to store on a tape.
That s correct, but with what we know now it can be pretty much assumed that any security there is will be actively subverted by agencies, companies or both.
second the reco- the most interesting thing I learned was the decision of whether or not to indict is pretty much the whole thing the vast majority of white collar criminals never make it to trial, only the ones that don t negotiate a settlement.
I m am very appreciative to Apple for finally closing the endless The ISA doesn t matter nonsense. The ISA does matter and it s part of what enabled Apple to go so wide.However, there the article is slightly misleading. The ROB isn t where instructions are issued from, that would be the schedulers which usually holds a much smaller set of instruction 16 per scheduler is common . The ROB holds everything that was decoded and not yet retired, thus including instruction that haven t yet been issued to schedulers and more importantly, instruction that have been executed for not retired eg. might be waiting on older instruction to retire first .
Part of the problem with improving the system is that there s simply no incentive. Immigration reform almost entirely centers on managing undocumented illegal immigrants. Law Makers don t have to listen to petitions from people outside of the country let alone their own jurisdictions.The other part is that people who ve suffered through the process don t turn around and try to fix it, I remember when my wife was going through the process almost 2 decades ago and it took us something like 2-3 years to get through it , not one of the employees in immigration we dealt with were obvious former immigrants. If people who finally made it in turned around and went into government service and tried to fix the hellscape they went through, it would probably be better. But most people seem to be glad to get through the process and then get as far away from it as possible.All that being said, people who I know who ve gone through the process recently report a vastly simpler and streamlined process from the one we went through. So there is improvement being made.For better or worse, the difficulties around immigration come purely from limiting the number of immigrants. If immigration entry was virtually unlimited, these stories wouldn t happen. I ll leave it up to you to decide if unlimited immigration is a good or bad thing.
It is featured in this month s Linux User magazine which I happened to buy for a change . Downloaded with pip. Nice app.
This action is so obviously wrong I can t but wonder if its not some prank. It would be an ideal prank for the Chinese in particular, to audit the course at first as an attempt to see how Chinese language and culture is taught here , and then stumble upon this coincidental pronunciation, in the context of a tinder-dry atmosphere of political correctness, and send in multiple complaints and watch America burn just a little bit more.Truth is, if this was the case, then we deserved it. It seems sometimes like America has split into the two races in The Dark Crystal , and we very badly need a reunification. We need the reason and open-mindedness of the left, and the practicality and romanticism of the right. We need to accept the truth that there are real differences between people even groups of people and celebrate those differences and not pretend they don t exist. We need to accept the truth that racial ethnic religious bigotry is essentially a human universal, which doesn t justify it but it also means you can t stop it with law or strongly worded emails to university authorities.So yeah, if the CCP is behind this one, I say thanks. Hope we can learn from it.P.S. The culprit is the dean of the USC Marshall School of Business, Geoff Garrett, not UPenn. Also, according to the LA Times it was a group of black students, not the CCP. Feel free to call or write 213 740-6422 ggarrett marshall.usc.edu or tweet
Indeed, and there seems to be plenty of competition in those markets for quieter, more reliable vacuums and washers anyway. I m not seeing how that changes the point though, unless I m missing something.
I saw that recently they added this to eslint... you re using eslint or tslint?
It s a subset.
static-media advertisements generally aren t engaged in a cat-and-mouse game where they increase surveillance to combat fraud.
And this just sounds really unwise Roku Inc., which makes devices that stream content to TVs, can t even buy such Amazon ads tied to its own products To everyone wondering how it s an antitrust issue, I think this quote right here hit the nail on the head.Edit On the other hand, I just looked up Roku and it s all Roku devices, I guess as long as I don t see an Amazon product on that first page that s fine. It s still weird you can t buy ads for your own product s very name though.I can t read the full article due to paywall unfortunately, but if they didn t do a more thorough investigation I think someone might just have to, to make sure Amazon s not putting their own ads where they don t allow competitors to buy ads for products they don t actually own themselves like Roku, if they aren t then maybe they re just trying to protect the results given back.
How large were these products? I ve also experienced rewrites that went somewhat successfully, but I can t say we wouldn t have been better off upgrading the existing code in place.
Nobody would be so critical of iCloud if it wasn t your only sync option on iPhoneI sync my photos with Google Photos because they are a magnitude faster and more predictable than Apple s own Photos.My passwords are in 1Password.Can t really say I sync much else.
iPhone 8 that is the oldest supported for iOS 16 has an A11 chip the second gen 4K has A12. The first gen 4K has an A10X chip - maybe it needs the Neural Engine that first appeared in A11 but the 2nd gen does have it.In addition, the Apple TV is plugged in, it doesn t have to limit its power for battery reasons.
You can still go for the lower end if you sell based on the total monthly car costs. Many people see what they can afford based on the monthly loan payments rather than the total cost, and if they save more on fuel than what they pay extra on the loan, it s a good trade. But that doesn t work if the extra niceties push the loan value over that line.
My friend s VPN emailed him saying Comcast asked them for his info because he torrented something and the copyright holder contacted Comcast. The VPN provider didn t give Comcast any info.
This is an excellent article. It is comprehensive and has simple explanations.
PCSXR had netplay since forever.
You obviously have never tried search in outlook.
The web is as a roaring ocean AOL and Facebook are as but sandcastles on the shore waves come in, waves go out, and no sandcastle is forever safe.
And his son Wolfgang was a distinguished physicist director of SLAC.
Don t want to be pedantic here, but your info on our visual bandwidth is a bit out of date. We actually only process about 10M sec of visual data. Your brain does a very good job of fooling your conscious self, but what you are perceiving as HD-quality resolution is actually only gathered in the narrow cone of your current focal point. The rest of what you see is of much lower bandwidth and mostly a mental trick. We also don t store very much of this sensory data for later processing.
If you live and work in Denmark, your employer is technically responsible for providing you with a height adjustable desk, chair, keyboard, mouse and monitor, if they expect you to work from home.Working from home is not an excuse for the employers for allowing you to work in an un-ergonomic environment.
My amusement at a HN user trying to teach Jersh a lesson by misgendering her is impossible to overstate. This is such a a collision of worlds.
Welcome to democracy or rather the facade ! Does the US president actually have that much individual power anyway? I wish it was more like the film Dave, inasmuch as that the president on his first day questions all the wrongs, and suggests to put them all right!People love a figurehead to moan and blame, but it s not ever as simple as that. I m not making excuses for Obama, but he s also up against the establishment.The weird thing is, I d read about Prism a few weeks back, and like others have just been under the assumption that my electronic data isn t secure. That s not to say I m happy about it. If the NSA wasn t doing it, then someone else would be. I know that s a pretty crappy line, but it s the normal diatribe for the advocation of defence policies.I m totally disillusioned with British politics, so have the same sinking feeling, along with others to the point of apathy - which is really quite sad. I think the expression is don t let the bastards grind you down , I feel ground down. Our current government is a sad mishmash of nearly theres, and we haven t even got a viable opposition at the moment. Good times. That along with media lies, and the average Joe paying the price for corporate crimes - is all pretty shitty.The worst thing about all of this, is that you end up questioning whether this is legitimate or not, is the US just bigging up their capabilities - is this all just disinfo?Either way, the hot pot of data that a silo like Facebook has, is just gagging to get into the hands of the wrong doers, and that s probably a tough force to be reckoned with.
Crude placeholder for now reviewing the timeline with my co-founders and will update this in the coming days.
I was in a similar boat as you - I decided to get a masters degree in CS from Georgia Tech online part time program to shore up some of the things I didn t know since I was a bootcamp self-taught full stack web dev.Now that I m almost done with the program which I will highly recommend if you re into that kind of thing , my desire to solve truly challenging and sophisticated problems has vastly decreased. My goal was to see what s out there and maybe switch to a different field of programming, something more challenging like systems development or computer vision. Well, honestly now that I spent some time studying those I care even lessThe real question I needed to answer is what do I want out of life? and I thought the answer is work on truly challenging and sophisticated problems and I don t think it s that. I m still looking for the answerLol I know this doesn t really answer your question, but really the best way to do what you re asking is to just find a hard problem that you re interested in and try and solve it. Then do it again and again. If you don t have any hard problems you re interested in, you sure you actually want to do it? The people I know who solve hard problems have had no shortage of hard problems they want to solve in their lives
Sure, which is why we have regulators, and the police, and other bodies to deal with the fact that some individuals don t respect the law.
I remember someone from Facebook saying that can t find the link ATM when HPHP was being built there was a competing project to trans-compile PHP to Java. In the end they compared the performance and found that the C was faster and went with it. Is it true ?If it is, I wonder how they feel now that they have given up speed improvements and built a VM in search of other advantages. At least if they had chosen the JVM they could have taken advantage of interoperability that JVM provides with other languages to convert at least part of their code base to JVM languages, thereby possibly improving maintainability.
This sentence is a lie.Same kind of recursion
This is the downside of a walled garden and locked down devices. Of course many will say its for security and its wonderful but how much freedom are you willing to give up for security?
2 random languages from an English perspective. This is pretty subjective and not exactly a language feature, but one interesting thing to me about Greek is that the different words for love provide a lot more nuance and a depth of meaning. Greek songs about all kinds of relationships express passion in a way that I don t really feel in English songs. Georgian has many interesting language feature, but one fact that s interesting to me is that each one of the 33 letters are always pronounced the same regardless of the context. There s no tricky situations like in English where you have 2 words such as pour and sour and pronounce similar letter combinations differently just because. If you can read Georgian, you can pronounce any word, no matter how long and complex it is. The tricky part is that the letters themselves represent some consonant combinations that are nigh impossible for native English speakers to pronounce.By the way, despite some of the tricky gotchas and inconsistencies of English, just like PHP, for whatever reason it seems to work and is widely used.
In his book Just for Fun Linus talks a bit about the company and why he chose to work there.
That s so low tech, it s genius.
I d love to hear the mental gymnastics involved in blaming this on Hertz.
I saw a doctor on YouTube just a private guy with his own channel apply this same reasoning to Florida. Right now is Florida s winter meaning, people tend to stay indoors with the windows closed to avoid the oppressive heat of the July and August .
Right, but in the absence of parents who are capable of guiding them, they won t be able to either. Most adults arent good at being autodidacts either.
land was given back to other imperialist states but not in actuality to territories under US control. the pattern has been establishment of neocolonial, subordinate client states since WW2, continuing to today in Venezuela. it s true that we pretend not to have an empire formally but our winning WW2 in large part was about establishing the dominance of American empire.
If the drivers are so junk, why were they accepted into the Kernel? Isn t part of the point of forcing all drivers to be open source so that they can be kept to a certain standard?
I have to admit being a little surprised about the uproar over the LG situation when I assumed it was common knowledge that cable satellite boxes DVRs are sending your viewing data back to the operating company.
I don t get it.. are you posting this as news?I m pretty sure it s common knowledge, I m one of those annoying node haters and I ve known about it for months now.
Right, especially Polosukhin s blockchain startup valuation of 1 billion cracked me up.
A thing that still does not work well is fluid, resizable remote desktop in combination with fractional DPI scaling. X2GO enables the remoting part but does not work modern DEs 0 . Even then, there are bugs when remoting 1 .Also, MS Teams installed from the Ubuntu software store on Ubuntu 21.04 does not support screen sharing. You have to switch from Wayland to X11 to enable it. Even then it is missing features like selecting a single window to share, allowing others to highlight on your screen. It does not matter whether this is Microsoft s fault - Teams is a must have in many organizations and Canonical promotes the app in their store. 0 What I have personally encountered on KDE drkonqi crashes all the time when remote, on GTK-based DEs I get color management prompts and gnome-keyring breaks on local sessions - even worse, it seems to block for minutes then tell the caller that you don t have credentials instead of exiting with an error.
Yes, there are the many worlds interpretation and the Bohmian pilot wave interpretation are the two that come immediately to mind . I don t see what that has to do with block universe , however, since that is an interpretation of relativity, not quantum mechanics.
Firstly, thanks for the kind words .What s kind of funny is that while I m pretty good at being a shit-umbrella for my team, I ve found that I really really hate making urgent requests to other teams HW, Applications, etc. precisely because I know that they also have a lot on their plate already. In fact, I think I m honestly really bad at pressuring people in other teams to do things that our team needs. Everything comes with a cost, I guess. People outside the engineering department tend to be a lot more well-versed in making a case for priority and instinctively push more than the engineer pushes back.I ve also noticed that a lot of times, an individual sales mktg bizdev person actually doesn t know what the overall priorities are, since she is only aware of her customers and her items that need to be addressed. The person rarely has a sense for what the relative importance of her items are compared to those of the person sitting right next to her also asking the dev team for their time.In a similar vein, I think it s very hard to push back as an engineer since she will rarely know all the projects that are going on concurrently, who the customers are, what the estimated revenues are for each project, etc. This is exactly the kind of information you need to fight against an interruption request Sorry but I m working on item X for customer Y, with deadline Z, which is a higher priority item compared to your item W. Now, an engineer probably shouldn t even have all this information, since the information is kind of a distraction in itself. So when a rogue customer-facing guy comes up to an engineer with a request, a much easier solution is to answer with, Sorry I don t have the authority to change what I m working on. Can you please go talk to my engineering manager A or my project manager B? I ll be happy to change course once I get updated instructions from them. Thanks.
The title implies that WP did something wrong, but did they?In my opinion the implication of what they did means people who don t host with Wordpress or Wordpress s partners will have to wait longer for security patches. That gives Wordpress and their partners a very clear business advantage - host with us or be vulnerable to attack until we get around to releasing our patch publicly .That doesn t necessarily mean WP were in the wrong though. It s possible there simply wasn t a better approach - releasing a patch that doesn t fix the problem can be worse than waiting until you have a good fix, and you definitely can t disclose a problem until you have a strong fix.Put simply, disclosing vulnerabilities is hard.
What good luck I have! I have been fiddling with a procedurally generated 3d world and there are all these great articles about procedural art up on HN. Anyone know of an example project for a procedural 3d world?
I ve been using Python for 15 years, and while sometimes it s a good fit for write the fast parts in C! type workloads, these seem to be very rare. Most of the time you spend more time marshaling back and forth between Python data structures and C data structures and you end up losing more performance and maintainability and build system complexity and so on . If you have an application that might ever have a hot path, I heartily do not recommend python.
This does need a warning, but PDF isn t the reason.
If you haven t read Sapiens A Brief History of Humankind by Yuval Harari, it is a great read and has lots of insights into the way early Homo sapiens may have behaved. Hint we won, probably not by accident...
There are many things I like about this essay. But it contains too many over-generalisation on things such as what it means to deal with ourselves or face ourselves and it over-simplifies the notion of connecting with oneself and how one can go about acheiving it, etc. Overall, nothing concrete and particularly meaningful has been discussed. The author had certainly brought up many interesting points throughout the essay but the whole piece felt like a long rambling about a problem that many people are aware without going in depth to the root of it and what practical steps one can take to solve it.As someone who meditates frequently and has spent most of his time in solitude in the past 6 years, I would say I still don t quite know myself very well and I would be lying if I say I have managed to connect with myself in a meaningful way. Only very recently I begin to see the importance in socialising and I think I would have been a happier person if I had made an effort to be a part of a community and make more friends and spend more time with people that I cared about.
I pretend to be a strict constructivist, except on cloudless nights far from the city lights. When I see the stars I can believe in infinitudes.I ve been an avid reader of VPRI s papers and reports. Incredible work. It deserves to be more widely known.Someone on a forum somewhere pointed out the similarity between DCGs and OMeta, I didn t notice it myself.I m working to complete a project directly inspired by your work and Ted Nelson s Dream Machines book that should culminate in a system that approaches the 20,000 lines of code ... from the end user down to the metal limit. I m using Prolog and Joy programming languages and targeting the RISC that Prof. Wirth developed for Project Oberon. I have a simple modeless UI modeled on Oberon OS and Jef Raskin s Humane Interface . If anything comes of it I ll probably try to show it to you someday.
Musk said while 80 is pretty sustainable, the increase in suffering when you work more than that is dramatic. The pain level for hours increases exponentially. It s like nonlinear above 80, Musk saidSounds about right. Below 80 you can still set aside a few hours or maybe most of day on the weekend for yourself. Above 80 starts to get interesting. Weekends are no long yours and days bleed into each other.
Hikitomoris often have low status. They aren t respected in the eyes of their peers, because they lack either a job, skills education, a spouse, or looks. So when they talk with their peers, they feel inferior, and are often reminded about their position. That s why they rather step aside. Some of them are unwilling to integrate with the ill values the society has, and that paralyzes them, since they don t have where to go. Mental issues are related to this matter, at least partly caused by the system, and maybe childhood experiences, traumas, etc. The longer they stay isolated, the more they fall behind, and the harder it gets for them to go out and compete.
I needed to know what language that is written in. Turns out it s something called FOCAL, as mentioned in this article about the game on FOCAL
One trick I ve found in Word specifically press Ctrl v to paste, then hit Ctrl, then hit t -- this is the key sequence for paste- open paste options- use plaintext.You can do the same thing by pasting, then click on the little box that pops up next to your pasted text, then clicking the text option.
dead
To be completely accurate, H1-Bs are attached to an existing company. You can transfer your H1-B to another company, as long as that company is will to spend time a couple of months and money several thousand dollars to sponsor your H1-B. You cannot, however, start your own company. H1-Bs are, as the blog post says, a huge barrier to employee mobility and the creation of startups.Another common type of visa in the valley is the L1. Big companies like Google, Yahoo and Microsoft, who have foreign subsidiaries, hire people in those countries. After they have worked in the foreign office for a year they can apply for the L1, which is an internal transfer . This allows them to work in the US, but only for that company. You cannot ever work another company than the original sponsor of your L1. This really is indentured servitude though of course it s usually quite well paid .
An HN user s perspective as a Flatiron student, from One of the things that attracted me to Flatiron School was their audited jobs placement report. Very detailed statistics about how many students graduate, how long it takes them to find jobs, and how much they earn. I ve never seen traditional colleges hold themselves to that standard of disclosure.Apparently these phony statistics played a huge role in many student s choices to attend.edit illegitimate or misleading would apparently be a better choice than phony.
To quote Douglas Adams Many men of course became extremely rich, but this was perfectly natural and nothing to be ashamed of because no one was really poor, at least no one worth speaking of.
There was this story a while back where builders couldn t find buyers so they sold to Blackrock at a 20 discount so they could get out.High interest rate policy isn t fighting inflation it s just transferring wealth upwards even more.
Thanks! Robinhood claims there are two types of brokers, introducing and clearingClearing brokers interface directly with the the clearinghouse, i.e. the DTCC. Introducing brokers clear through a clearing broker. Who in turn interacts with the clearinghouse.
Maybe they should stop breaking them then?That s a design decision, Linux maintainers decided to not have a stable ABI because they d rather have no drivers at all than proprietary ones.
They d need a 2 3 majority in the Senate as well.
good things that can happen to you once the government detains youI think they have to charge you with a crime within 24 hours. All of the corner cases that you read about in the media are things like but what if they re fighting in Afghanistan and they magically end up in Cuba on a military base, do we still have to arraign them? That s apparently a tougher question even though the answer is obviously yes , but if you end up in central booking in some random US city, some judge will have to spend 10 seconds looking at your case and decide whether or not you can get bail.So you re not going to get disappeared to a shadow realm if you buy a plane ticket and you re on this list. You might still have an extremely shitty day, though. The criminal justice system is not fun.
GNOME has had a HIG spec since the 2x era, and I believe KDE has for a while too.
Any grpup that is three or more in Albanian is called a grumble Good automation rule
This gets into a can of worms, because while much of the performance benefit of an arena is the fact that you don t need to do per-object bookkeeping, the other benefit is that it s fast to allocate, track, and free data when you know all the sizes in advance, and that is a benefit you can get from a pool allocator, which isn t much more complicated than an arena.The general purpose malloc 3 has a very hard problem to solve that most allocations in most programs probably don t really need it to work so hard to solve.
Honesty doesn t replace accountability. Wasting three days is a long time to just be procrastinating
Headphones are a poor solution to the noise problem in open offices. I find it uncomfortable to wear them for 8 hours at a time, and it means I can t overhear the conversations I do want to overhear. Sitting elsewhere only works if I have a task I can do on a laptop for serious development work I need a lot of screen real estate. That solution also has the same problem as headphones where I might miss important conversations because I m too busy hiding from noise created by people doing work completely unrelated to mine.There s a pretty happy medium, 2-10 person offices with 4-5 being the most common size with glass walls. Google used to have a lot of these before completely open plans became en vogue, and it was very rare to hear complaints. They allow frequent interaction with your most common collaborators while blocking out conversations from distant teams. They reduce visual distraction while still allowing in lots of natural light and inviting conversation. Doors were usually left open, so it was pretty comfortable to walk into another office and start up a conversation.With the giant, open, chicken-farm style floorplans, people feel too self-conscious about dozens of people overhearing to have small 2-3 person conversations near their desks, which means more formal meetings with all the associated overhead, and fewer impromptu questions like hey does anyone know of a tool to do X? And then you re still more distracted anyway due to all the typing, people walking by, large groups being loud when gathering to eat lunch or go to a meeting together or whatever.I only see two advantages of completely open floors slightly cheaper glass offices can be made almost as dense, but not quite, and I guess the glass partitions aren t free , and better circulation to dissipate bad odors more quickly.
You re confusing engineering and technology with fundamental research.This pretty much gives away that you aren t a scientist. The vast majority of fundamental research opens up new ground in highly specialized areas. It slowly trickles out as improvements that you don t seem like game changing concepts but they required game changing concepts at a low level to get things done. That s scientific progress and that s the game changer. Game changers don t just mean you can make stuff cheaper, they mean you can imagine completely new kinds of stuff that were literally unthinkable before the game changed.And I don t think you ve ever dealt with transitioning science from the lab to industry. The game changer is the cost and availability. There are plenty of amazing things that don t matter in real life because they aren t practical. They aren t game changers. Before you can improve batteries you have to invent the concept of a battery. Which means having some basic understanding of electricity. Before you can improve computer vision you have to invent the concept of a computer. Which requires inventing a theory of computability.You definitely don t need computability to invent a computer. And you ve got the discovery of the battery exactly backward. First Volta made a battery by trying to replace frog parts with paper and brine. Then we could go back and understand electricity that was Volta s real lasting contribution. Before we had batteries electricity wasn t understood at all. The point is there really hasn t been a lot happening at the game changer level for a long time now. Refinement is fine, but it s unwise to confuse it with fundamentals.This is nonsense. Who are you to decide what is or isn t fundamental? Why are scientists and engineers supposed to bow to your aesthetic sense?No. All that matters is results. And the result is, 3x productivity increase in 50 years. And all of those other things I showed you, hundreds of x improvements in all sorts of practical engineering areas that make daily life far better. What matters are all of the incremental gains because they enable technological revolutions.
This makes sense to me too. Letting stuff hydrate through soapy water contact or just steam will help de-cake a lot.And cool just loaded porcelain can take a while to warm through, so caked food will release better when warmed up at the contact point.
I d say what Python does is passing object references by value.
upper management was not particularly good at reining in the bad applesThis thing tells me the upper management itself was the bad apples.
the freedom to get timely treatment for those that need it.That s not freedom. Freedom is not putting up barriers.
That breaks the site guidelines. Please follow them when posting here.
... this is sarcasm? I honestly can t tell.Can you elaborate your point of view a little more?
I m Albert a hacker who has built a very good reputation and undeniably one of the best hackers you can come across.i have got access to hack into any account and also get to generate passwords for accounts like Facebook,Instagram,Twitter,gmail,yahoo mail,whats-app,we-chat,etc.Retrieving hacked social media accounts,clearing criminal records,increase credit scores,CC hack,hack bank accounts for transfers and credit card top ups,application hacking.We do custom software and web development in php, java, asp.net etc.hacking computer systems,Website hack,Catch hacker scammers,Phishing emails, that s to mention a few.You can contact me on. Email ... Theredhackergroup gmail.com Whatsapp... 17867089974 or TEXT 571 318 9498 Best Online hacker with 100 guarantee and money back return policy for 48hours.
I ve been very surprised so far by how little memory and how performant this terminal is even though it s written in JavaScript and runs on electron. All the other electron apps I know of are kind of known to be performance hogs atom, slack . So it s refreshing to see something neat like this that also works well.
What new coding projects were they involved in since HURD started OK. Replicant. ? New is difficult to assess.I d say GPLv3, Libreboot fork of Coreboot . But it depends on what you find important. A starting point is here 2. He doesn t let the FSF be larger than him. Who s their 2nd in command?Fallacy, easily disproven at guess you never heard of Eben Moglen who s a lawyer and does great work with advocacy and public speeches , or Bradley Kuhn from FSF Europe. Who ll take over after he passes on?Did you know who d gonna take over Microsoft or Apple beforehand? No. What will the FSF look like in 30 years?What will USA, Microsoft, Google, or Apple look like in 30 years? shrug
What do you think is going to kill enough people to create such an unprecedented selection pressure?
dev urandom is a perfectly good source for random numbers. Because it s fed from the kernel which is gathering all kinds of entropy, including mouse movement interrupt timings. Bad implementations not considered.One problem with dev urandom is you always have to open it, create a filedescriptor just to get to some random number!?
Pretty cool
Not only does the superior ESDF have tactile feedback because of the nub on the F key but you also get an extra column of keys QAZ on the left!
If this medium is only for a specific subset of ideasIt is - If you had to reduce it to a sentence, the answer might be anything that gratifies one s intellectual curiosity. - are countless websites for generic news discussions. To keep at bay the flamewars of the outrage news cycle that kill other discussions, this is not one of them.
Firstly, that Kurzgesagt video had numerous errors in it including ridiculously false lines like 3-4 satellites are getting destroyed this way every year. The source for that specific line was a politician, not a scientist. The video is not a legitimate source.Secondly, the Kessler syndrome is believed to already be happening by some, but it s a slow process that occurs over 10s to 100s of years and doesn t result in any of the popular depictions like in Gravity or in Wall-e. The Kessler syndrome also does not happen at altitudes where debris are rapidly removed by the atmosphere, which is where Starlink operates in. So even if you were to spontaneously blow up all the Starlink satellites not at all realistic , the debris would be largely removed after less than a decade.Thirdly, as mentioned Starlink operates specifically in a region of space that is reasonably rapidly within the order of a few years cleared up of any non-functioning satellites or debris.Fourthly, you can t call operational satellites with the ability to actively avoid debris and other satellites dangerous garbage . You could use that term for cubesats with no on-board propulsion possibly, but not Starlink. IMHO the risk of putting these things up outweigh any potential benefit for underserved regions.The risk is overstated and it s easy to ignore the benefits if it doesn t improve your own life. Musk could ve also invested in ground-based communications infrastructure.If it was so cheap to improve ground-based communications infrastructure it would have been done already. And it has been in most areas of many European countries because of the density of their populations, but that s not true everywhere
Hm, that s a really interesting theory, and the stories and related arguments too, thanks a lot! I didn t think of it before.In fact, I started hearing of all of those OSes fairly recently too, but I still see myself as a youngster in programming world, and thus I thought those technologies were more well known at that time. Also, that they were more well known to Important Figures and Big Companies then, so they could try to build on those ideas.But now I start to recall, that most of those OSes are usually reported to be used and deployed quite rarely Lisp Machines e.g. often dismissed because of high price and hardware requirements , so that could have limited their exposure. And also, I m ashamed to admit I forgot about this oh the times! , it must be taken into account that there was no Internet at the time, so this also made sharing of ideas harder than now...
Well, I still can t install Linux on a phone. This tells me than once freedoms are lost, they don t easily come back and as we get new technology, it doesn t necessarily allow to run Linux.
That s something that I was thinking about. The Story interaction model seems to be very compelling for consuming serialized information on a small screen, it s nicer than scrolling because the content covers all of the screen all the time and gets all your attention and you can very quickly decide if you are interested or not.It s very good on mobile, so much better than scrolling since scrolling is mentally taxing due to ads and menus and constantly requiring you adjusting the position of your content.
I also recommend having a benzo before taking any psychedelic for the first time. It will bring you out of it for the most part if you start having a bad time.
You could consider getting a laptop that doesn t solder in the DIMM sticks...
Oh, awesome. Thanks!
If you believe that countries can have sovereign control over their airspace, which includes the power to demand that planes land, and also the power to send fighter jets up for any reason whatsoever, including no reason whatsoever, it s not a weak comparison.The United States, for instance, has, and will continue to send fighter jets up to intercept private aircraft, whenever the hell it chooses to. European, and other countries do the same. 1 2 Pretty clearly, countries have the right to scramble jets, and also the right to deny flight privileges to planes in their airspace.Likewise, countries clearly have the right to send armed ships to tail ships in their territorial waters, send armed police to tail vehicles on their roads, etc, etc. The legality of it only becomes questionable when someone starts shooting. 1
This seems pretty obvious as an extension of make something people want. Most people don t want to be at a site that doesn t meet their expectations.
I wonder if they will do the Apple thing Designed in California.
The GDPR protects personal data, i.e. information related to an identified or identifiable natural person. the comment itself identifies you in some way, removing the connection to your user profile renders it no longer personal data.The reason other platforms may decide to simply delete everything when you ask are 1. they don t care about your old stuff 2. they don t want to spend time checking individual cases. So they pick the cheapest option.
Generally when I get bored, it is a sign that I am burned out.Consider this, you are a hacker, and you have a computer, and since are reading this , the internet.If you cannot think of a way to entertain yourself, then your creativity is toast. You need a vacation.
Ok, what I meant by that was that everything that is defined and solidified I don t think I know the right word to describe it is a function in that you can t define variables of type, they re all something that a function returns, and have a more etherial quality. Yeah, I really don t have the words for what I think I m trying to say, and I don t actually know that either, I m just going by what people have told me and what I have read of haskell. I m by no means even familiar with haskell at this stage, so whatever I say about haskell is conjecture from the perspective of a novice in an attempt to describe things to the extent that other novices can have a quick entry path to live-coding which is the aim here rather than into FP haskell
HN is not a jobs board and posts should be in English. Please see the FAQ and posting guidelines
I actually think the discussion is going really well overall.
While everyone has suggested bootstrapping, friends and fam, local angel groups and Angel List, have you tried your university?Many large public institutions have launchpads and accelerators they just don t always market it well . This could be a natural fit for them.I think like most people are echoing, continue to fund it out of pocket maybe with the help of family to get it to be the best product possible. From there, slowly build out into other geographies. You can learn lessons from your early expansions so as to not repeat it. Given the product is still young, there is likely a good amount you can build on prior to scaling out.Good luck and will def be monitoring University Niche
They appear to have coloured states based on the number of infected hosts in such states. Since states in the northeast are generally smaller i.e. less populous than, say, California, we can assume that there are also fewer people getting infected there.E.g., there are approx. 1e6 people in Maine and 4e7 people in California. If you assume 1e2 infected hosts in Maine 0-99 and 3e4 in California 1e4, 1.2e5 in total , you get an infection rate in California of about 7.5 that in Maine.Given the very coarse graining in the data source, such a factor can either be dismissed as statistical fluctuation or you could try to explain it using, for example, an infection model that favours geographical proximity, such as one based on Facebook friends. Furthermore, it might well be that internet connectivity is better in California than it is in Maine and the bot prefers hosts with high uplink rates. I don t know Edit We don t know what websites were targeted, but maybe they ran ads that would prefer users from the southwest for some reason?
The shift to ARM will eventually include the entire Mac lineup, Bloomberg reports.Much like Apple turned Final Cut Pro into iMovie Pro, this is looking like every Mac Pro will turn into an iPhone Pro. I could be mistaken, maybe they ll figure out some way of handling x86 with real hardware, but if not this is a massive gift to Microsoft.
Best I can do, tree fiddy
someone at that levelPaying hush money to The Donald s cumdumpsters isn t exactly Order of Merit material
It s not cronyism - it s people knowing your portfolio of work and abilities.And at the end of the day - do whatever you need to within reason to put food on your own table. Don t worry about someone else judging you for cronyism for feeding your family.
But is the size of the market growing even faster ? Tesla is making money on each car sold. But you are right, they do invest a lot in R D and factory expansion e.g. new factory in China starting this month to produce model 3 cars . I am still not sure if we can tell now if they are doomed, it might be too early. It is a tricky game, but as long as they make money on each car sold, and keep some technological edge battery, manufacturing, etc. they should be fine.
This is not a news story, it s a marketing story promoting the company. The reason is that the claims are not remarkable at all, but the story promotes them as if they were, which is misleading.Per-employee profit and revenue is larger in general at small successful tech companies than big successful ones.For example, I make far more per employee than Valve, Microsoft, Google or Apple and you don t see Forbes writing about me, nor should they.
You are welcome to continue using the 1985 era FaceBook-created-by-the-labor-of-people-long-dead. It s free. No ads either.For the longer version of this comment, see PG s essay titled Wealth.
I get a lot of questions about lambda, I m hesitant to recommend my students embrace Python s lambda expressions.Lambdas are in so many languages than it seems worth it to spend 10 minutes learning what they are.
The Russian empire?
Yes there is. Sync it with syncthing or next cloud or seafile or... and use a compatible client to read it on your phone like KeePassDX.
Yes, different people enjoy different things. I m not claiming that nobody enjoys weekly work travel. I m claiming that it s overly glorified - something like 80 of people will say oh you re so lucky you get to do that! when in reality only a fraction of them would enjoy it and most of them would hate it.
Aircrafts are notoriously fickle. For a helicopter, I heard 4 hours maintenance 1 hour of flight. There is about zero chance the Taliban have the personnel and parts to actually do something with them other than photo ops.
This isn t how tax write-offs work. The expenditures in the production of a film or TV series are always deducted from taxable net income regardless of whether the final product is released or not.There are a plethora of reasons not to release a creative work. For example, you don t want to spend any more money on music licensing, editing, marketing, etc, that is unlikely to be recouped. Tax write-offs simply isn t one of them
This resonates with me, more than I d like.I m still trying to figure out what to do with my life, and the more I know about technology, the more apprehensive I am about working with it. However, I do also believe that those of us who feel this way have something of a responsibility to fight back a little, in whatever way we can.Hopefully we can continue to keep a little space cleared of the FAANG s, and open for L OSS. Or at least a neutral ground, where we can be reasonably sure that there isn t any nonsense going on.
That level of sophistication is certainly intentional.
...two managers have now scheduled to have a meeting with me regarding this. Dude, why s a self-respecting, upstanding person like you working for such scumbags? Tell them to bring all of the managers. Advise them all that the policy is unacceptable and they re not getting any of yo passwords.A solution a GitHub account for company code, with your old code forked.
I ve been using llama.cpp to try out some large-ish models on my cpu for a while now. I m on an amd 3600, with 32gb ram.I can run 30B 4bit and 5bit models. It s definitely usable but smaller models definitely run faster.I don t have a good graphics card, but it does work on cpu. With more ram I think the 65B and larger models are runnable as well
Ah yes of course there is no way of coercing someone in a PoW scenario.Very well argumented! This is sarcastic
The only real difference between a weak and strong pointer is that weak pointers are less prone to leaking memory in exchange for the possibility of sorry I m dead being a response to accesses . As soon as you upgrade such a pointer you ve created a cyclic graph.He only way for Rust s type system to understand these kinds of access patterns in a way that doesn t require the insertion of shared mutability types e.g. Mutexes involves mutating the tree during traversals.A simple version of such a pattern a doubly linked list which is actually two singly linked lists. One traverses this list by popping nodes off one and pushing them onto the other. The user has easy access to the heads of both lists. You could probably do the same with trees but this is a pretty unpleasant pattern.
Sexual preferences and such are special category data, and if you are an engineer dealing with this stuff you should treat it as though data breaches could get someone killed.Sure, part of the responsibility of this is on management, but it s absolutely on the engineers too.
The geometry in this demo already is static.The app is vertex bound since the geometry has 11 million vertices, which is not trivial for any GPU to render.
I d point you to one definition of the word here are several definitions there... warning, it s user-submitted content, and not all of the definitions match my meaning. The definition by user preshere scroll down one page or so is the one that matches my meaning.
The funny thing is they have Wisconsin my state showing biden favored to win. Just look at the electoral college electors record. It s been a red majority since Bush.Can you clarify what you mean? Wisconsin never went for a Bush, and other than Trump s win in 2016 it s been voting for Democrats in presidential elections since Reagan. What electoral college record and red majority are you referring to?And even if you reject all polling evidence, why is that one Trump win indicative of a solidifying shift toward Republicans, as opposed to expecting a reversion to the mean and Wisconsin going back to being a generally blue state?
Indeed, this is not to say this will not disrupt artists or influence the art they create. I do know of developers that make a living via patrons Tarn Adams of Dwarf Fortress and plenty of legendary games that have been commissioned via Kickstarter e.g. Undertale, Hollow Knight neither of which had any prior fame to carry them , but that s not to say that these models will necessarily work for whatever game you yourself are developing.
Try it in UTF8 mode and then you ll see a difference
I don t know very much about fontforge, but it seems that you can get it to generate bitmap BDF fonts. One may or may not be able to run vtfontcvt on that, it not being a general purpose BDF-processing tool, but having the BDF is at least something for people to work with. A Unifont HEX file would be better, but fontforge doesn t seem capable of that from what I can see. And unibdf2hex has some documented limitations. On FreeBSD the font can be installed with pkg install 3270font or from x11-fonts 3270font in the ports tree.You could even hyperlink to the port s entry on FreshPorts, , although that seems to be having WWW server problems right at this moment. See for search results, which are working at the moment, for me at least. And you are in the AUR at by the way.
And even then, sometimes you still need Steve Jobs.
For me it is the speed difference that makes handwriting so satisfying and good. I type faster then I think, writing however is slower. Handwriting gives me more time to consider the content and often leads to higher quality content.Whether it be love letters or an important business message, handwriting it helps.
Not specific to Iran vs. USA, but just for the reading audience ...Ideological differences historically have not been reconciled without war.WW2, Korea, Vietnam were all unavoidable ideological wars.An additional factor is that the US Whitehouse, across parties, doesn t believe in self-determination of foreign countries, and proudly admits that.
Okay great. Then why does California a state with severe gun restrictions have such a problem with gang violence? Can you please explain?
I re-used the upper bound for the insurance - there is no upper bound in liability for the insured. Tort law does not specify a limit in liability - though it can be a bit complicated as there can be other laws around this. A fully insured person is taken to mean sufficiently insured to meet a law, or sufficiently insured to meet a reasonable level of liability. While highly unlikely it s possible that someone with 1,000,000 in insurance can incur 10,000,000 in liability.To your final point, life is unfair yet it continues. I understand that you wish the world would always provide proper compensation for victims, my position is that even if that was theoretically possible, which I don t think it is, it may not even be optimal.
Welcome to the future of racial political ideological social status segregation.On platforms like Facebook or YouTube where the feed is algorithmically generated and you can t easily view a filtered list of topics like Reddit something like this would be very easy.The interactions don t even need to be generated by AI, it just needs to keep you seeing interactions with other people in your social status circle. And if you try to venture too far outside of that it shadow bans you.Heck I d be surprised if the way the news feed algorithms work today they don t already do something like this, as a byproduct of optimising for viewership.They d just need to take it a bit further by preventing you from seeing viewpoints outside your circle. So taking the WWII example, people in the Nazi group would not be able to see pro-Ally content. All they d see about Allies would be content that paints them in a bad light, and vice versa.
So pay for premium then. It costs a lot of money to run, why do you feel entitled to get it for free with nothing monetizing it?
Perhaps the idea was that you get a fast connection resumeThis seems unlikely for the reasons you listed. Since USB is a polled bus and has shared bandwidth, implementing the flow control is likely very beneficial in case the bus can t temporarily handle the full Ethernet speed.So, a USB-to-Ethernet gizmo just monitors its internal Ethernet-to-USB queue and if it starts to overflow, it attempts to flow control the switch. But, if no USB host is connected, no USB data requests ever arrive, the queue overflows and never gets cleared...There may also be some WoL USB remote wakeup stuff at play, which may be why these ICs do not drop the link on USB host disconnect by default. In fact, I wonder if messing with those settings on the host side could remediate the issue...
Seeing that completely dishonest article over and over again gets tiring. Cadmium telluride solar cells only make up 5 of the market and there is no reason they couldn t just be banned outright so that we only use the more environmentally friendly crystalline solar cells which we already do .
When I type define wench in to Google I get this before the Urban Dictionary result Noun A girl or young woman.
For me it often is up-to-the minute news vs no news. I think the format kind of encourages reporting on everything, not on what s important. The best heuristic I found to decrease wasted time and being more happy is to not read any news and accept that I ll miss something.I am interested in longer form issues like inequality, economic development, important regulation etc, but don t really consider them news. Reading information on those can also wait a few week or months, and then longer essays or books will have a better analysis.The bubble-breaking effect of staying informed is valuable, but I don t know how to weigh it properly against spending time well every day. Personally, I found singular focus to be the most satisfying and am not ashamed of that.
I m friends with a business analyst at a bank. They use their Bangalore office to do data or excel munging tasks all the time. But it s an offshore office staffed by company employees. There s no way he d be able to send his data tasks to an outside party. And even if he could, he wouldn t be able to get the bank to pay for it.
Background The technique is actually pretty fascinating. This is something that s been well understood by the cryptography community for decades, but is somehow just recently being fully appreciated by the ML community. See here -Submitting guesses to a system that gives you back scores for your guesses, will quickly leak out enough information that you can reverse engineer a huge number of hidden numbers labels in surprisingly few iterations, e.g. 700 iterations to covertly extract 10,000 real numbers with high precision. This surprisingly rapid convergence is a bit reminiscent of the birthday paradox.Further, this not only lets you win the against the test dataset, as apposed to the final validation set, but this allows you to significantly increase the data available to you to train your model on, since now you can train your model against both the test and training datasets.Layman summary -ML breaks datasets into 3 partitions test , train , and validation . In cases where they re evenly split, this technique can double the training data you have access to, which is a massive advantage in ML competitions where scores differ by tiny amounts.Moral judgement -My opinion, this moral argument is misdirecting the attention from where it needs to be. Yes, it s bad what occurred here. But at this point, in 2015, and with tools readily available to crack this problem effortlessly, it s inexcusable for contests to allow so many scoring reports against their validation sets anymore. It s no longer a question of whether contestants will do it, but how many of them will. We d might as well just let people self-report their scores on an honor system, if we re going to be this overly trusting.Try creating a contest system like this in the cryptography field any time in the past 3 decades and you d be insulted and laughed out. Allowing so many scoring reports against the validation set is fundamentally flawed. The only solution is to globally limit calls to the scoring api.Another proposed solution -Allowing everyone to see everyone else s guesses resulting scores against the test set, so that everyone is on equal ground for reverse engineering the test set, and then globally limiting the number of scoring attempts so that the test set isn t reverse engineered too significantly.Overfitting the validation set actually is not a problem either way, because none of these contests are dumb enough to let anyone score against the validation set at all until the contest submission deadline is over.
Teasing out cause or effect is likely tricky here, but has anybody done any work to do so? It seems likely that anxious depressed people also naturally gravitate towards more extreme political views.
I m going through that right now, and finding it incredibly good, but still fairly outdated. It was written for Java 6, while Java 7 and especially 8 have more or less re-written the language. All of the advice is still really great, but some of the items are workarounds for weaknesses in the language that have since been strengthened. I m working through Java 8 in Action 0 in parallel, and it s been a good experience.I ve also been enjoying this Modern Java blog series, which is book-ish 1 .In a similar vein, I really enjoyed Effective Modern C 2 .I think The Ruby Way 3 is still the best ruby book, and a new edition just came out earlier this year.I m looking for a good book about modern javascript if anyone has any suggestions. 0
I live in the USA and have seen plenty of atrocious work. I currently have the best HVAC expert in the world. YMMV.
you seem to be overestimating school both in general and its social aspect.
Why are people so dismissive about this? It s a significant usability problem among many, many others that gnome has.It should be annoying that the issue keeps coming up.It s not a meme that gnome lacks an extremely basic feature that is incredibly common in other GUIs.
Yes, definitely, but I have no expectation that they will be the ones managing or updating it. My pitch is basically I ll do the site and you can email me .docx, PDF, giant 20MB JPEGs, whatever, and I ll manage it for you .This is even easier then something like WordPress for them, and much simpler for me. WordPress deserves credit for its ease of use for non-technical people, however I don t view this as a good metric for what to choose for a website.I deliver the _site folder as a finished product and put it on Cloudfront with HTTPS. That s about as simple and unbreakable as it gets. Customers can then pay a monthly retainer or occasional hourly rates for updates. If they want the source files to run the generator on their own machine that s fine too, but it costs extra.The model isn t that much different from a wedding photographer.
I thought I had my Facebook set to maximal privacy, but it turned out that I didn t. I m not too surprised at this, to be honest.You think you can do something else cool with the data? Have at it! Let me know if other data such as more detailed user profile info will help.
I don t see why it s so difficult for them to introduce logging in the new messenger.
Who exactly is talking about anti-openness here? We re talking about which open source piece of code to reuse. Someone gave a bad argument against one company s offering.Microsoft of the 90s, which no one emulates these days and it s a wrongheaded comparison anyways, would have said that all the open options are bad to begin with.If you meant to say anti-free software then maybe we could have a conversation, but that s hardly the problem Microsoft faced in the 90s and 2ks.Seriously, what does your post mean? Could you maybe be specific? And while we re at it, what s your connection if any with the company that sells Purism phones.
Sounds nice ... but if it costs one developer 4000 a month just to take care of bills rent food and it costs the other 1000 then that is hardly fair. You are penalizing one developer based on the cost of living of the city they happen to be in.
you want to drop privileges as in Docker entry-points but you don t want your process to be child process of su or sudo process. Unlike su or sudo this tool would exec to replace the current process so it would receive signals ..etc. Where did you get the idea that su or sudo spawn a child processes for commands to run? I would be very, very wary of any security-sensitive code from author who didn t get such a basic thing right.Unless you do very magic thing and replace my current shell, which would be the parent process of your command.
Please let me know what programming language you don t need to learn to use.I have frequently been able to debug or explain unexpected behavior in programs written in languages I had never used before. Javascript, C , Python, windows shell scripts, PHP, ASP, Emacs Lisp, and Visual Basic 6.0.Common Lisp, C, and bash are the only languages I had to really learn before I could read code. Perl is the only language I feel like I have to re-learn every single time I have to read it.
Aren t they already likely to collect this data through indexing?
There also needs to be much stricter control of new prescriptions for opioidsLike the extremely strict controls in place? Like the prosecution of doctors who run pill mills? Like the rescheduling of hydrocodone formulations?In my local ER there is an entire framed info-poster explaining why you aren t getting your meds refilled at the ER, you won t be getting fentanyl, dilaudid or oxycodone prescribed to you no matter what. ED s work with your primary care doctor and relay info to them. States have implemented pharmacy tech that allows them to track prescriptions state-wide. a former massive problem Hospitals are already doing this. Pharmacies, already doing this. Doctors are terrified of the laymen telling them they know better in the court of law. Pain is being undertreated now more than ever, which is the flipside to the crackdown you don t seem aware of, which has been happening for years now.There will always be abusers. It s inevitable. The people who really suffer from this kind of over-reach are people like my grandparents who are nearing life s end. People dependent on pain medication for their quality of life. Non-abusers.Maybe quality of life means nothing to you, but to them it s all they have left keeping them going. It s the only reason they can continue to live through the constant pain, the enduring misery old age and lives of very hard work has wrought upon them.
Potentially, if electricity wasn t also often generated with gas.Also, why would I pay more to have less comfortable heating? Individual action like that does nothing. The solution is collective.
unless you re in a very, very narrow nicheyou mean like every major bank, where something like 5 of their customers still use IE11?
It s really nice to see ecosystem tools working together in stable Docker. This means that Flocker can stop doing networking and composition and just focus on storage!
This is SUCH a niche system, that I don t understand why carrying adapter is a bad thing. There are already laptops that kinda fit his keyboard pointer size requirements.- His video subsystem idea already has a solution for many years. KVM2USB. His let me turn this into a boot device also has a solution. Many virtual cd rom devices exist, for example you re in such a niche requirements.. either you pay a ton military laptops , or you re ok with adapters
If those distortions were filtered it sounds pretty accurate.
Human minds don t work that way. Paying continuous attention to an airplane you re not controlling is quite simply impossible, and if the function of a copilot relies on it then airlines are broken.People are tasked with monitoring things all the time. It s not some brand new impossible task.
Texas makes tesla direct sales illegal. Tesla bribes Texas governor with factory in Texas. Texas governor decides to change law. Perry runs for president in 2016 as a job creator .Good old American corruption
Same for me and my GPU!
You do have a point, but really when was the last time you went and looked at your meter to make sure you weren t using too much? Or looked at how much energy something used when deciding whether to buy it?The problem is that power use is limited by physics. If your gas stove valve was stuck open and was venting your gas line you d know, because the house would turn into an oven. Bandwidth use is not limited by any laws except the capacity of the device, so the difference in usage can vary over a much larger range than power use can.
Sounds like they had a restaurant-grade ice maker already, so it may not have been any further sunk cost to get the ice. Probably lost some of that in electricity and water bills!
Your own links demonstrate the fundamental difference. The side effects have been studied and can be identified. I m at this very moment taking a break from a medication because I was able to recognize a severe side effect that came up. I can t recognize when an LLM has generated a nonsensical piece of technical documentation if I could, I wouldn t need to use it in the first place.
nudity but not of a sexual nature like Aphrodite of Milos Pretty strange to call this nudity, but not of a sexual nature .She is literally the incarnation of the concept of sex.
Couple things I would speculate power law is very task specific aka 5 years of java development doesn t translate into 5 years of python development .Most task don t require that level of proficiency aka crud apps Geoffrey Hinton and Andrew Ng already have pretty well paying jobs are most companies willing to spend that kind of money? And I wouldn t hire them to optimize my database or something.If you wrote a library you are probably the one that is best at using it. Next would be people that go to conferences and training related to that product library
Electrical shocks can cause blood clots deep vein thrombosis 1 and rhabdomyolysis 2 due to muscle damage, among other things. 1
It s a move heavy in symbolism but with no actual financial implications whatsoever--so, perfect for politicians.
My stab at this its still so alpha it hurts , try - the idea is practical promotion for start ups via the medium of beanbags
This should be required reading for anyone building systems in which subcomponents can fail independently, Erlang or otherwise! The techniques are not always implementable in other languages, but the concepts behind them can and should be translated.
Are there any honest, reputable operators in the financial industry?Between Enron, S L, Lehman, WorldCom, AIG, Wirecard, Madoff, VW, gold price fixing, 1MDB, and all the lost BTC stories - among so many others - it seems like a question that needs to be asked.
tar automatically detects and supports unpacking zstd-compressed archives as well as other compression types . there s no reason to use -x combined with other compression flags.For compression, you can use -c -I zstd
not at he.net. you are limited to 1 15a 120v circut per rack there... and that s not going to be nearly enough to run your blade server. One sales guy said I could buy two racks, use one for storage, and put both circuits in one rack... but you d need, what, six of those puppies, at least for the blade monster, if it can even run at all on 120v power. I bet that the he.net cooling systems would have a difficult time dealing with such a hot-spot. I d recommend talking to SVTIX if you are looking for local high-power co-location, that or some place in Santa Clara.I live in the low-end here if you need a lot of power, you are probably better of going direct with someone who owns a data center, and or shipping it to Texas.
Anyway you can make a page for Startup Bootcamp?
Stephen King s 1979 book The Long Walk is the same idea as well.
I have two problems with this 1 Even if we are able to remove all of the inessential complexity of the problem ceremony and routine drudgery, we cannot automate the essential complexity. For crud apps, the essential complexity is very low. However, for many apps there is intrinsic complexity to the problem and how it relates to the domain. You might argue that what this leads to is a vast array of cheap specialty modules that can be plugged together. Well, the complexity is then in understanding the impacts of the modules and their interrelationships. The 10x engineers aren t 10x because they can set up logging or automated deployment, they are 10x because they can instantly cut through multiple layers of abstraction to see how their interactions lead to an emergent behavior that is different from the spec for example. 2. Unfortunately, machines and networks are not fast enough to compensate for an unconsidered approach to information retrieval and propagation and this is not going to be helped by a legos approach to building software. This might be helped by a different set of tools view-first rendering driving parallel backend requests.. but that brings up its own set of challenges.
Definitely look into something like S3 CloudFront, or Netlify if you don t want to set any of that up yourself.
Odd that no one s responding. If you want to get rid of your 920 and find no other takers, I promise I ll only use it for good.
You don t have to meet absolutely all of the guidelines. Did you make an effort to have an accessible website? Did you accessibility bugs when they are reported as causing problems for users? If so, you will be fine. Domino s didn t. They basically just told blind users to fuck off and call them instead.
For example the Nintendo Switch had very mediocre system performanceNintendo Switch had the most powerful GPU of any mobile device released at its time. Furthermore it has 4 GB of RAM. Just the Cortex A-57 CPU wasn t bleeding edge any more, having been replaced by the Cortex A-72 by the time of the Switch with a higher IPC of 16 . It was a well balanced system.You might be mistaken because mobile CPU performance grew in an unparalleled explosive fashion, and the Cortex A-72 was already replaced by the A-73, A-74, A-75, A-76, A-77, A-78, and A-710 by now. But this is unfair to a system where its design was frozen already 6 years ago.It just means that, if a successor Switch is built the same way, and a Cortex A-78 is used, its CPU would have ca 2.6x IPC. If it ran at twice the clock speed, its CPU performance would be 5.2x.You re being unfair because CPUs grew so much.
Most often BSODs are caused by third party device drivers.
It s convenient for the owner of the Android phone, but the wifi password is not necessarily theirs to give away. That s the problem. It s not because your friends and family have given you their wifi password that they intended to give that password to Google as well. You re trading their security for your convenience.
After all it could be hacked? Or faked?The whole premise of blockchain is that no transaction can be altered. What happened -- happened, unlike someone s text or screenshots on someone s servers on the Internet.
The way things are isn t the way they have to be, or should be.To get an understanding of where I m coming from, try this
Don t most modern video games run a physics thread at fixed rate in addition to the rendering one?I remember Quake 3 still having that issue, but that was in 99...
I haven t collated the data, but just about every clinical trial paper I ve read where I m eagerly awaiting to see results has a completion date in the past.Goldacre is a real hero for this. He is also Quite Interesting.
I had tried this a while back, and found it depends on what you re searching.For technical topics, I had found bing had a preference towards the articles from the microsoft developer network. It also had a bias towards MS technologies.For example, looking for something vague like real time web server, bing gave a couple results from asp.net pages on the front page, while google seemed more balanced. Google had one link to NodeJS while bing had none.You could experiment this yourself. I sometimes keep different tabs with different search engines and pick what I like best.
It became dual-intent, which lead to everyone s intent becoming to immigrate, which has lead to incredibly long processing times...
At least in discussions on Western websites, the outrage always has an underlying racism permeating it. None of these people really have any right to be upset they didn t care about the artifact, they ve probably never been to a museum, let alone done anything to help preserve these sorts of things. That, coupled with all sorts of Chinese stereotypes and slurs that happen to pop up in this outrage, makes me think it s less about an ancient artifact and more about getting their weekly fill of hating a faceless other. You don t see the same hate for all of the American tourists who write their names on the Great Wall 0 or the Colosseum. 1 Seriously, what do they want from him now? What sort of responsibility do they want him to take, years after it happened? Beat him, as the top comment on NBC News and many other sites suggested? Ridiculous. Pay restitution to the Egyptian government? I m sure neither one of these governments care enough to waste time over such a trivial matter as graffiti, and it s not like China is a stranger to people messing with ancient pieces of their society.So, really, most of the people outraged have acted more disgracefully than that child. 0
Ah, I ve seen that phone for real my office is in Zhongguancun . Its a piece of crap all the Shanzhai phones are actually. In Chinese they have a saying 便宜没好货 好货不便宜, you get what you pay for.What if I wanted to buy something for 7-800 kuai that wasn t a knockoff or a cheap piece of crap? The Asha promises less in terms of specs so it can offer more in other areas. Reasonable trade off.
And you had people -- and I m not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists -- because they should be condemned totally. But you had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists. Okay? And the press has treated them absolutely unfairly. Now, in the other group also, you had some fine people.
Who says that it s the same set of people? Personally, I have no problem with Facebook choosing what not to host on their platform either. And I d certainly love to see them exercise that a little more often when it comes to personal attacks, especially those directed at specific people.
The example you gave is the most trivial one possible. There is 0 reason to write that code over PrintAnything item Stringer . Go doesn t even let you do the following auto foo auto x return x.y The equivalent Go code would be package main import fmt func foo T any, V any x T V return x.y type X struct y int func main xx X 3 fmt.Println foo X, int xx which does not compile because T i.e. any does not contain a field called y. That is not duck typing, the Go compiler does not substitute T with X in foo s definition like a C compiler would.Not to mention Go s generics utterly lack metaprogramming too. I understand that s almost like a design decision, but regardless it s a big part of why people use templates in C .
I d argue they ve been here for a while and we just called it cinema . Remember all the superimposed historical scenes from Forrest Gump?The technology got easier, everyone became a publisher, and now we have a more prickly name for it.
There are many people who want to have power and control, but don t have the skills or experience to do anything concrete and exceptional. There is an entire management advice industry around finding tools and psychological tricks which allow those people to appear high-minded, visionary, and strategic. Eric Ries may not be one of these people, but his 5-why s lecture presents one of those tools. Anyone managing a team of ditch diggers needs some hard-to-criticize collection of platitudes which can be uttered to avoid either joining the diggers and or being identified as completely useless.
Wouldn t wheeled robots be better for flat factory floors, if it is supposed to deliver parts? What is the point of the legs. Yeah but publishing videos of humanoid robots is proven to pump your car company stock to the moon. If Mercedes can also buy a cryptocurrency and a social media platform they re golden. Raise wages?No no, you see we need open borders and visa free uncontrolled migration so companies have the upper hand and get to pick and choose whatever they want from the world labor pool until they find complacent workers on their terms, instead of having to pay locals competitively. Otherwise it s considered a labor shortage.
Never understood the obsession with drinking milk on its ownIt s something that s been consumed for millennia. There are societies based on pastoralism where milk is a huge part of the diet. I d hardly classify it as being an obsession.
...old stone buildingYeah, I think we often forget that ground from the outlet is not necessarily local ground in the building materials concrete and whatever
It is typical for the kind of building I described and they tend not to be on the market much, so not sure how representative your search really is. Entire streets are full of them.Anyway, even a smaller place clocking in at only 100k to get to a higher energy efficiency is a lot of money for some retired person, for example and lending guidelines don t favor old people .
If you want to contribute, you must agree to Discord s terms of service and data collecting. Projects need to stop doing this as the only option.
So market it as Unlimited Music and implement it as Unlimited 256kbps browsing .
This is your opinion, but many disagree. I personally find processes infinitely easier to deal with than thread, it s not even a discussion in my mind. For me, threads are banned from usage, until it s absolutely necessary to do so. When I write code in C there are cases where a problem cannot be solved unless threads are used. It s fine to use threads there. For everything else I appeal to either multiprocessing or async concurrency.
Pi describes relationships and outcomes we see in reality when actions are performed and that abstract relation explains the commonality in many experiences.Eg, tossing match sticks relates to pi.
It s not really about the overhead. The intrinsic overhead of async. is trivial, anyway. It is more about predictability how the system is understood. Async architectures let you have simple, easy-to-understand components, but the expense of a more complex macro-control-flow. Hardware and embedded guys spend a lot of time looking at storage scopes, and like things to be nice and periodic... it just fits in with the world-view a bit better. It is not so much that one is objectively better than the other, it is just about how different people s mentality works.
It appears to only be distributed as a web app. Apples and oranges. Also the editor looks like a code editor Erato also kind of does, but it has a margin and it doesn t have line numbers by default .
In my view, very, very, very few programmers really deserve more than about 200k at most. Why?
It would be difficult for me to disagree more strongly with this article. To say that Zach is somehow lazy because he used a swear word is missing the forest for the trees. I have probably attended more than 50 conferences in the last few years and of the hundreds of talks I ve seen, Zach obsesses over his presentations more than nearly anyone I ve ever known.The talk you pulled a single slide from, completely out of context, was simple, beautiful and useful - Readme Driven Development and TomDoc have been incredibly useful concepts driving productive development at GitHub and the talk was very effective in getting across what they are and why they are helpful.The vast majority of conference talks are pretty awful. Often they are a handful of slides with little design or thought put into them, consisting of a generic Keynote or Powerpoint theme with a dozen slides with 6 bullet points on each one with the speaker simply reading them off. Or impossible to read code or any of another hundred horrible presentation mistakes. Many of them are boring, hard to follow and unfocused.Zach, on the other hand, puts hours, often days, of work into each of his talks, focusing on making them simple, entertaining and useful to the audience. He uses jokes, like this, to keep the audience awake and paying attention - which given the way most conferences are set up, is necessary to keep people from checking their email during your talk. The amount of focus and attention that speakers like Zach pay to delivering their message is so much more respectful to the audience and the organizers than something mind-bogglingly unimportant like not swearing. Zach understands the majority of his audience, respects their time and tries to make his time in front of them worth it, and improves developers lives by effectively delivering information to them. This is more than I can say for more than half the speakers I ve ever seen. To focus on Zach as a target because of using language that all of us use every fucking day is not only useless and mean, but harmful to the already difficult environment that is the technical conference world today.Instead of the handful of people that might have been made slightly uncomfortable with language they probably use all the time, how about a blog post on the thousands of developers who are now more effective because of the actual content of his talks?
you can, and probably should i didn t want to start a this vs that game and take the spotlight away from these guys
Usually, I believe the underlying reasoning is that they think someone is not pro-war enough, or anti-the guy enough, when they accuse someone of being pro the guy. Like secret supporters or something. Because actual pro the guy seem extremely rare.
flows on any reasonable screensize and adapts perfectly.No it doesn t. It s this pointlessly narrow column in the middle of my screen surrounded by arces of whitespace. If I wanted narrow text I d make my browser narrow. Looks like the result of some designer fucking around.
That was last year Friends are looking for a 2BR with 2500 budget and it s a really sad experience. If you are willing to spend 3500, you can do much better, but still not prime SM or Venice locations or Playa Vista newest hotbed in the area for tech .The article mentions Hawthorne, but that s not the best of neighborhoods and has a good amount of industrial petrochemical activity near by. Redondo Beach is still sort of affordable, but you have to deal with traffic going north west in the morning and back.
telecoms only want to upgrade wireline infrastructure where it s profitabletrue so, more affluent areas no. criteria is population density, that s what makes it profitable.
Or hack the team who signs.
I know some people who are on a similar list run by the far right in the UK.edited for grammar all happy now.
Depends on what you want and how cynical you are. A relatively easy option would be a meta study. Pick a subject, get a bunch of studies about it and compare methodologies, results, sample sizes, types, devices used to run, os choice, etc. Works great if you have an interest and inclination towards statistics.
as my chemist friend who worked with the EPA used to say, dilution is the solution to pollution
It currently works about half of the time for me. Lookups going through ns2.nginx.org seem to work but ns.nginx.org returns SERVFAIL.
One too add My vote for a third party would be wasted. Why it sucks Every vote for a third party looks to the two big parties like an act of absolute pants-shitting desperation. If a significant number of votes go to ANY third party candidates, even if spread across a bunch of candidates, they will get VERY scared. NOTHING is more important to them than maintaining an absolute lock on the artificial environment they have constructed to make it look like there is a choice on significant matters when this is not the case. A threat to that is a threat they are willing to work to avoid. It will count.
The reason the military is or isn t putting weapons in space has nothing to do with launch costs.
My cat found a similar bug in Windows NT 3.51 20 years ago.
I mean you re probably right in the sense that the peak of the Gauß-Distribution is probably shifting to the left. The absolute numbers are probably a different story. When more people get introduced to coding, more people are getting good and very good at it.Think about sports. Are there more people that are bad at skiing in Austria compared to the Netherland? Yes if you don t count the ones who never stood on skies . Are there more good skiiers in the Netherland compared to Austria? Absolutely not.
Not was, is. I was curious about that as well.
Wrong outage.
If so, can one have a visual block lisp lisp is building ast as well.
These are all great questions. However, it is important to understand why you re asking some of these questions. For example - Runway left and when was the last raise are important because you d like to know when the company will run out of cash, but more importantly perhaps is to understand whether there s a dilution hit on the horizon so you can negotiate accordingly.- Equity and the vesting schedule details.. if a startup company doesn t answer or provide you these details when you ask, then you might want to reconsider joining them. Getting 10K or 20K options might seem like a lot, but without knowing how many shares are authorized and issued you don t know how much equity you re really getting.
Software like Jira and Fauxgile processes like Scrum feed off and mutually reinforce each other.
It s similar to the compression techniques you might use in column store
Here s a version that can be copy pasted data text html, html font-family Lato color e9e9e9 background-color 222 -webkit-transition all linear 1s
Specifically, a cruise missile. Those can look at terrain and follow landmarks, among other things.
This was my first thought as well. I thought it was bad when it just verified that you had used a correct username after attempting to log in, then I kept reading and saw the auto-complete combobox of usernames...
If we can change our sex, we should be able to change our age.LGBTQA ?
An existing published dashboard of course does not offer the capability to discover new queries freely explore the data, but you can always create a new dashboard using those BI tools, right? Somebody has to learn to use it and then share the results. And to be fair the learning curve isn t really high. Plenty of effort out there on democratizing visualization authoring, but still BI tools are the ones with the highest accessibility.
The R7 GPU architecture is not from 2015. R7 came from 2013 with the 200-series of AMD GPUs, and was the second generation of GCN.
Absolutely in that sense the ends justify the means. I was just wondering what we can get from the means themselves given how far off achieving that end appears.
I think they suck just like crypto, these are all mechanisms rigging the economy in favor of the already wealthy. If we don t unrig it we will eventually get civil war. Popular immiseration eventually leads to upheaval.Checkout the book - End Times Elites, Counter-Elites, and the Path of Political Disintegration by Peter Turchin
I m pretty sure that LLMs can generalize a deep model and can create novel assemblages and are not just search engines.The burden of proof would be on you to find the existing mathematical, erhm, proof.
I think it s potentially in scope, but optional - there are other problems more urgent to solve, and then with more powerful compute and font technology, it s possible to go past TeX into microtypography some of which was done in hz, but not really widely adopted . Either way, to do Knuth-Plass paragraph optimization, you need lots of metrics of the words to decide the line breaks, and to do the micro stuff, you need even more fine-grained information from the font. Breaking that across a process boundary is... tricky.
I have one pet peeve about this, which is typically my pet peeve on a lot of growth hacking optimization writeups lack of longer-term focus. I hate to preach too much because doing things without a proper measurement strategy may be more practical than implementing a proper measurement strategy and is better than doing nothing at all, but....The results were listed as very good because 20 of new signups tweeted. However, you re giving away revenue in hopes of generating more long-term revenue. The success or failure of the experiment should be given in terms of customers who signed up from seeing the tweets and what the lifetime value of those customers are, taking into consideration the initial revenue loss.
However, one engineer working 80 hours a week is significantly more productive than two engineers working 40 hours a weekDisagree! An engineer working 80 hours a week will make worse decisions, understand things more slowly, get more confused by bugs, and make poorer decisions overall. The net productivity will be lower. Some of the best programmers I know turn into terrible programmers after one long day. If you make that long day Friday, you might be able to squeeze 45 high-quality hours out of them in a week.
Why is it wrong?Mine was not an absolute legal opinion but rather a moral ethical observation. The only people buying it are ones who consent to that price same as any other transaction.Of course, and I agree 100 . That said, the act of taking advantage of an emergency situation is, I would hope you agree, morally wrong.When might high pricing be OK?Well, one example is if someone, through great trouble, was able to purchase a supply of a much-needed item at a high price and wishes to make a profit. If they paid 25x normal price and that, plush shipping, their time, packaging, taxes, whatever, is their cost basis, it might very well be OK for them to sell that item at 50x normal price.Context is always important. How can someone be a victim if they want to engage in the trade, and explicitly chose to do so?I never said anyone was a victim.
Just like spaghetto
I ve been using it as my primary search for a couple years now, and in the last year or so I d say I use !g about once a week, usually for local results.
I ve been doing my own hosting for 20 years, this just doesn t happen often enough to concern myself with it.You need to disassociate yourself from the start-up mindset when you DIY a side project app or site. Having said that, there are ways to cache and improve your write performance and maintain HA on a budget. The only thing that s hard to replicate in self-hosting is a high performance global presence.
So are you happy getting a blob of minified JS you have no control of?
I find if I want to explore a new API I like to find boilerplate projects that are usually -Example. I know if they have one star, it s probably high-quality boilerplate.If there s no stars, I might still investigate, but it s likely unusable.
Vault warden the recently renamed bitwarden compatible implementation in rust supports 2fa as well. The providers mentioned are Auth Google Auth, Yubico, Duoa, WebAuthn, and email.
heh, love how the revenue out of America is WAY higher than that of Europe even though there are more active users in Europe.
But do we communicate with a mechanical slot machine when we push a coin in and then pull the lever?
there are a few things that need fixing, at least repo redirects and case-insensitive repo arguments.
Can someone recommend a good tutorial on getting started with VSCode? I downloaded it and it feels overwhelming to develop C C code compared to Sublime Text. ST has simple build system just path to compiler and it runs out of the box. With VSCode, there are extensions and .json files for configuration and it is all extremely complex and overwhelming.
Twitter isn t niche when it comes to what matters the most for their platform having all the most important attention getting users on there. It s dominant. Even Instagram doesn t have what Twitter does on that front.Twitter has an immense collection of people that particularly matter in their given field, interesting famous people, and so on celebrities, journalists, media personalities, musicians, authors, politicians, athletes, techies, companies, bankers, VCs, CEOs, entrepreneurs, famous bloggers and gamers, fashion people, etc.Twitter has an extremely dense, active collection of those people. You can say that you don t personally care about that, however the majority of people very clearly do and always will .
My Lenovo Thinkpad W530 s GPU set-up stinks at Optimus, because all external monitor connectors are hard wired to the NVidia GPU. I need to switch xorg.conf files and restart X to switch between internal and external monitors. Be careful and read the manual before buying and search for the parts about dos mode and the GPU.My now left over Asus PL30JT played pretty nice with bumblebee and Gentoo set-up though!
I think this is inspiring in the sense that being in India, and a startup, it s actually a dream to hack your way into CES. With no direct connections or a million dollar funding this is good to know the amount of hard work that has been put in. Best of luck!
I heard about that in this video may not remember it correctly, but I think the two original creators of the site ran out of money and were recommended to a group of investors who happened to be Scientologists.
It s crazy isn t it. Google aren t exactly going to to take this lying down. Advertising has evolved for centuries.
Grafana was pretty fast, but the total system latency can add up to about 1 second or so wifi at least, cellular is longer .We did not use grafana for debugging instantaneous, fast events, but it was fantastic for things like monitoring temperature, current modes, and running statistics.
Huh this reminds me of the TacTip from the Bristol Robotics Lab. I m guessing the sensor works in a pretty similar way.Oh it seems there are some instructions on how to build one yourself
I feel that moniker is more appropriate for the previous generation of supersonic fighters that generally had fairly small stubby wings. This was exemplified by jets like F-104 or MiG-21 which according to wikipedia had wing areas of 18 and 23 m² respectively. In comparison F-15 has fairly generous 56m² wing area
Not my experience at all. USB-A would very often break. Never I had a USB-C break.
I guess that s the way the game is played. Eventually one or more engines will flourish, take off and become wildly popular.
I think it is important to keep in mind that Covid-19 is still contained to some extent due to various measures. The influenza numbers are for the most part without any behaviour changes or rules the influenza season ended roughly when Covid started to spread . The Covid-19 deaths would be higher if it were able to spread unhindered through the entire population.And even in this somewhat unfair comparison Covid caused three times as many deaths.
The cat example is missing an arrow. Clearly, you see everything twice. So somehow the input also goes around cat and directly to the output.
There s also the issue of a guest setting up a hidden camera in their rented airbnb without the hosts knowledge. I doubt most hosts are sophisticated enough to even do simple things like see what devices are connected to their wifi networks or cycle wifi passwords on a per-guest basis.
Don t we all do that to some degree?Lots of musicians go through a stage where they are trying to see what they are capable of and make music as involved complicated ornate as possible. Many of them mature into musicians who try to find a few elements that work together.
Irrelevant. The process is the punishment.
You can validate news but not opinions.
Build.rs is great on most cases. The important thing is that it s easy for users to download and build everything.
If Alice hires a full-time live in maid and her just-as-wealthy neighbor Bob buys a robot instead, all else equal, which is having a better impact on the world?
Crypto encompasses both the technologies and the systems created and the external effects they generate on the world. When the result is a bunch of scammy centralized exchanges crumbling? That s what real crypto is, regardless of any initial guiding light goals.Just like how the USSR and its actions were real communism, regardless of how close they mapped to original utopian dreams about what communism would be. How it plays out in the Real world is what matters, and what makes it the Real thing.
there s no compelling evidence that her original accusation about Andreessen was made in bad faith.Yes there is. According to others on the call, the word retard was uttered by a woman, and in a completely appropriate manner given the context. Taylor claimed Mr. Andreesen said it, and that he said it in a manner that warranted calling out. When her mistake was revealed, she responded not with an apology, but another lie to divert blame. Her claims had no apparent relation with reality, and her recent antagonism of Mr. Andreesen gives us no reason to assume this was all a big misunderstanding.
1998.
I can advise until I am blue in the face but the reality is that at least 90 of all my clients want the quickest and cheapest option, resulting in me barely even scratching the surface of my technical abilities.Until more client gets burned with a cheap option that becomes expensive to maintain they won t care. Many clients across the whole industry, I don t know your clients which could be very different from average will not get burned as most problems will never get that complex. However most clients have a lot of small problems that are quick to solve meaning that most developers spend their time on the small minority of clients that have complex problems where this matters.
How much of a delay did you experience?I was worried about it before I made this, but I haven t noticed any considerable lag. The server is in France. If you re not from Europe, this could be the reason for the delay.
Automatic updates should be something that users make the choice to enable, it shouldn t be a default.Forced default automatic updates have a long-term consequence of reducing fragmentation of the software landscape, ultimately leading to a reduction in the degrees of freedom for the end user.Developers love this, but on the flip side they re gradually losing personal control over their computers and operating systems and software as a result.
Disclaimer I did go to college There seem to be differences between US and Europe, but being Spanish and having studied in Spain here are my thoughts Yes, I would go again. Not for the degree itself, but the stuff you learn during that period. It s not necessarily technical stuff or stuff you l explicitly use when you find a job, but you do and learn things that will come back to you at some point in time.I got my current job because of the project I did to get my degree, it was exactly what my company was looking for, and I never did it to have more chances to find a job, I did it because it was fun.Also, by boss once told me this Degrees don t matter that much, the actual work that you are able to do does. However, given 2 subjects with sane skill set I d pick the one that fiched college, because that shows that he could commit to a project and finish it. . I found it interesting.Last, there is one thing which we humans can t recover appart from death time. If you go to college and regret it in the future, nobody can take away what you already learned, but if you regret for not going, you can t go back in time.
This. There s a very good reason the system looks and acts like it does.
This is why leaders should spend some time in the trenches, doing the job of those they lead , so that they have at least a basic understanding of the actual difficulties, limitations, possibilities, etc.
To this day you can live in a small Bavarian town, and have the US army keep you awake late into the night with training exercises that involve plenty of shooting, as it s, for example, the case for the people living near Grafenwöhr.To this day it s completely legal for the NSA to operate in Germany and spy on literally anybody 0 Neither do I see the attitude change on a grander political level in Germany. Most of the German political landscape is still plenty happy displaying a double-moral that s would transplant neatly right back into the cold war 1 One of the weirder examples Persecuting alleged Syrian torturers for crimes against humanity committed in Syria 2 .While crimes against humanity committed by the US, trough German territory, are apparently not in the jurisdiction of German courts 3 .That s not what a neutral Germany looks and acts like, that s what a Germany looks and acts like that was for decades groomed to be a US vassal. 0
I suggest we go back to iframes
By placing what they want to do so far out of the realm of legality that the court battle never happens.This entire scenario simply couldn t happen if internet were a Title 2 service.
My personal experience is mild elation and a brow sweat, best case. I can easily believe capsaicin has anti-depressant properties.
Long ago I guess around 2006 ,I read this and was struck by the amazing ideas. I couldn t remember the author, though, just the title. Then I came across some of Greg Egan s other works a decade or so later and it felt similar, so I checked and sure enough, same author. Fantastic ideas, although his character development is a bit lacking in my opinion.
... turns out the 1 feedback was that blog template sucks. yes, it does. So I just flipped back to simple for now. Ugh.
My experience so far small team, one company, partly on-site and partly remote, n 1 and all that has been that minor communication problems and misunderstandings have a greater tendency to fester and develop into friction between individuals. We all hate being interrupted by someone dropping by when we re cranking, but the ability to do that seems to help people get along more easily.There may also be more of a tendency to sort of... drift off, or lose interest, allowing personal life to creep into work hours.This seems to be exacerbated if management doesn t really know how to handle fully remote teams. The past chatter on HN seems to suggest that managing remote teams is a distinct skill from more traditional management.So far my preference is a nice office environment with a part-time remote option full-time remote crappy unproductive or uncomfortable office environment.
They did calculate with 24000 TEUs, edited the comment afterwards. All good.
Totally. Hence my original question, some folks want an actual airtight guarantee, some are comfy with where things are now.
That seems a bit vehement for the tiny amount of nipple that was present. I had to go back and look again after I saw this comment to actually notice it.
You re either way more knowledgable than most, or there s a bit of Dunning-Kruger in play. Hard to tell. What you know is only a small part of the game anyways.
A marvelous specimen. A souvenir and a remnant of the yesteryear of the Internet.Okay, I overplayed it a bit.But, honestly, I mean it it is a great example of what happens when people care about their cause. Words fail me to praise this enough.
Isn t this mainly a game theory problem? If you don t force a minimum wage, then competitors will undercut each other.As much as we like to believe WE would go to the more ethical place , unless the average person did then ultimately the undercutter will win. Now real life is not that black and white obviously. Costco pays a pretty decent wage allegedly but they make up for it in creative ways like having the warehouse also be the storefront .
Always good to see some love for the awk language. I, however l,went down the rabbit hole to find out about toybox and some background. Came back just puzzled 260 slides of slidedeck only for the message that it has a more permissive licence .
Sex is a vice?It s interesting how much Victorian baggage people carry around... even in articles on the Internet and the economy!
Not at all, they even put up with my schizophrenic arguments of C vs Rust vs whatever.
I like haroopad for editing markdown, especially the option to export styled html is nice. Another nice editor with a different scope, it s a note taking app is Joplin. You can even paste an image and it will get inserted into the markdown as file.
Separate checks, please.
Here s how I hustled my way into an internship with a hot analytics startup as a non-technical, learning PHP like you. Business degree, almost 2 years after graduating . I emailed the co-founder and told him about my interest in the industry and that I d be interested in working for free. That was enough to get a skype chat, and a meeting down at the office. Granted, that while I had no work experience, I had co-founded a short list of cool projects with my friend and programming partner, of which had tons of coverage and users. Even so, I was actually rejected until they had a change of fortune and began on a growth spree. I started last month as a marketing intern and I m learning tons and tons of good stuff that I otherwise would have never come across one of the benefits of working with smarter, more networked, more resourceful people than you . I only get paid 2k month, but I get free breakfast everyday and some other perks.I figure that even if I can t get a job or stay with this company, I can parlay this internship into another one until I m where I d like to be.So for you 1 Build interesting projects which you can learn from. Or join someone s project. Do something crazy, get press, get users, have something concrete to show for it.2 Hustle startups in industries that interest you. Not sure if working for free is actually a good idea, but at the right places, what you learn can be very worthwhile.Gooood luck!
The magnetic stripe is basically phased out in Australia. Sometimes readers let you swipe if the chip doesn t read after the second try, but the terminals actually don t let you swipe otherwise and tell you to insert the card if you try!It s been like this for several years now - and tap to pay has basically been the default for purchases under 100 for even longer.
regarding sex discrimination. Did you actually asked women in qa whether they chose to be in qa or were forced to be in qa or you came to this conclusion solely based on the observation that there were more women in qa than dev? My anecdotal experience is that lot of south asian women choose to go in QA. I have several women in dev jobs coming to me asking for transfer in QA when they needed predictable office timing and wanted to concentrate more on their family lives but without losing thier touch from corporate jobs. I also have women transferring from QA back to dev jobs when their kids were slightly older and well adjusted to school when they needed more challenge. I have had similar requests for going into program management jobs too for similar reasons. This was before pre-pandemic i don t know the current state as i am out of corp. world but i don t subscribe to this idea. I think there is cultural angle to it as well.
You re paying 3999 month for the land and 1 month for the building materials. The luxury is that you probably chose Mountain View so you can bike to your office, which is more enjoyable than driving.
Hopefully in the far future the IA will be distributed over many individual user nodes, but that doesn t seem feasible right now. What we need right now are 2-4 high powered individuals or companies building local mirrors. Hopefully the IA would cooperate in setting these up. These mirror organizations should be distributed around the globe in different jurisdictions, and they need to take the negative lessons from IA into account for example, they should probably be structured such that the legally precarious data-serving arm is a different entity from the organization that owns the server space.We absolutely need this kind of resilience, and we need it now. Otherwise this time will retroactively be dubbed the digital dark ages because so very little information actually survived and made it out.Someone in this thread was estimating about USD 2M investment in hardware, then 1M facilities and a small team of people for initial setup, plus connectivity costs and maintenance - let s say 4M initially and about 1M ongoing costs yearly. A single wealthy individual could fund one of these sites. You don t even have to be rich to fund this, being well off would be enough.If you fit this description and you re feeling altruistic or are looking for a lasting legacy that will benefit humanity far into the future, use a portion of your capital to make this happen.
The private equity industry -- excluding VC, which represents a tiny share of total capital raised -- relies extensively on leveraged buyouts LBOs , i.e., borrowing to juice returns.In 2021, buyout was 30 PE funds raised, VC was 10 , growth was 10 . Tiny is not true anymore.
Or just recognize that a global pandemic is worthwhile changing the rules temporarily. We changed a thousand other rules and social norms...
A dark pattern is an UI that makes the user do something he does not want.You mean like clicking a .jpg link and getting something other than a raw JPEG file?
3. You can t know.2. No they won t. I don t. If I ll type a password once, twice a day, that s okay. But I draw that pattern or pin tens of times a day.1. See VLM s post on this thread.0. You can t ever know who you ll deal with. All you ll know will be somebody has it .
BERT was on arXiv before being peer reviewed. As were T5, BART, LLaMA, OPT and GPT-NeoX-20B. The Pile and FLAN were also on arXiv before being peer reviewed. Of course, the original Transformer paper was also on arXiv before being peer reviewed.Being on arXiv before being peer reviewed is not the or even a problem.
we re still in the stage of LLM adoption when we can have eye-opening simple discoveries weekly. Langchain has momentum because of this, as a library of simple ideas. this period will end, and if they don t figure out the next step they re gone
C mon, seriously?we ve had , HB Gary, Sony, and a couple of others get hacked by sql injection or poorly configured web facing CMS systems.Is it really that hard to figure out that if you re a target that is a stupid way to do things?Put your CMS inside your firewall and publish it by generating a copy of your website as write only output.Its not up to me of course. Sure put your open FTP server up there, maybe turn on anonymous access. Its like leaving the keys in your car in the long term parking lot, sure its convenient when you get back from your trip but are you really surprised when your car is stolen? Really?In this day of drive-by malware injection by JPG or Flash zero-day vulnerabilities every single web site in the frickin universe is fair game to get 0wned. Used to be if you ran some off the beaten path blog or enthusiast site it was pretty much too small to worry about. Not any more. Put up a machine with a web server and watch them come at you, Brazil, Argentina, the Ukraine. Blam, Blam, blam, test after test. IIS exploits? Apache Exploits? Got a CGI in there? Can you do local page execution? All your .htaccess files correct? Odd UIDs have logins?I believe that there are better and by that I mean less prone to being compromised ways to manage the content on a web site of the OP s caliber than connecting it to a database.Maybe I should sponsor a CMS version of the Pwn2Own contest.
lmao that s was my reaction. I ve been taking DHA supplements and eating a plant-based diet for over a decade. I thought the article might expose some skeezy marketing ploys on the part of BigVitamin, that I had been buying into all along, but alas.
I guess his experiments with mercury are starting to take their toll
You need to receive a confirmation code on your phone to login. I agree, bitching on hacker news rarely, if ever, helps. Im just trying to point out an issue with their reporting system for lost phones.
Another way I have heard this is described is, we re always hiring, and never hiring
What a remarkable coincidence. I was just looking at alternative terminals today and saw warp.I like what they are doing. And like copilot which I m not a fan of, but I understand the goal maybe , I think it is leaning toward the real issue - we waste energy solving the same problems over and over.Instead of helpers which enable us to reinvent wheels, we should be directing our efforts toward establishing a collection of pattern solutions and tools to compose those solutions into bigger ones which solve specific needs.In the terminal, there are certainly a limited set of things we do repeatedly. In fact, much of what we do in the terminal can be done elsewhere UI it s just slower or more tedious due to clicking. It s also less easy to automate. But the intentions behind the actions are the same. Create a new directory name and execute this . Perhaps the biggest challenge is just in naming and organizing.
This idealisation and universalisation is not only Western of course. I m a mixed kid like your kids, but South India rather than Bangladesh, and I would be and am rather unquestionably accepted as Indian when I am there. But a major driver in the split between India and then- Pakistan comes down to the novel idiosyncratic liberal ideals we compare to. Liberal India is a narrow slice of the country--more representative of the British culture that heavily influenced the Indian elite than ordinary Indians my mom went to college and graduate school and had a white collar career in Bangladesh in the 1960s and 1970s. But she came from a wealthy, socially prominent family, and had British tutors growing up. It would be tremendously misleading to use her experience to talk about how liberal Bangladeshis are.
I guess that it is part of the curse of knowledge.Even the article starts by I just want to share my thoughts on Kafka after using it for a few months, always from a practical point of view. I don t know anything more than the basics about Kafka internals. It is just confusing for anyone that does not know that Apache Kafka is a software application to process queues.The article is named Starting with Kafka but assumes that you have knowledge of what it is, its use cases, and other not-so-basic information.
I ve been using Claude 3 Opus for a while now and was fairly happy with the results. Wouldn t say they were better than GPT-4, but considerably less verbose which I really appreciated. Recently though I ran into two questions I had that Claude actually answered incorrectly and incompletely until I prompted it. One was a Java GC questions where is forgot Epsilon and then hallucinated that is wasn t experimental anymore. The other was a coding question where I know there wouldn t be a good answer, but Claude kept repeating a previous answer even though I had twice told it that it wasn t what I was looking for.So I ve switched back to GPT-4 again for a the time being to see if I m happier with the results. I never felt that Claude 3 Opus measurably better than GPT-4 to begin with.
Skype still up
Twitter seems to be on a poor trajectory. What Reddit is up to is bad enough, but if the leadership was looking at Twitter and thinking yeah, let s do that , that would be even sadder.
Not only that, but the Prius was practical. Most of the EVs on the market are not. Their range alone makes them a non-starter for most people.The Prius is a pinnacle of practicality. Great gas mileage, reliable as hell, cheap to repair, and it s a hatchback.
Good call. For a general IT audience you are speaking to, context building really helps refresh the scene before dropping the exploit. Well communicated.
Basically UBI...
0. I wonder how many licenses ssh.com sells per year when competing with free OpenSSH on OpenBSD , OpenSSH portable derive from OpenSSH , and libssh2.1. There s no mention ARP spoofing TCP connection hijacking that can be performed against unauthenticated, plaintext protocols with L2-L3 dumb LANs that don t perform port authentication.
Cricket has long been known to be dirty.As a fan of the sport, I don t even care anymore. If I ever watch it, I treat the results the same way I would treat WWE matches.
I am unsure, I feel we are more fed-up with the green washing that leaded to the ban of nuclear power and investment than anything else.
Unionization is the topic of the post, but workers rights are not ontologically related to statism. There are plenty of libertarian socialists and plenty of authoritarian capitalists. Some of your points are non sequitur as a result. To this point, though I m arguing that it shouldn t be a surprise, then, that the US has produced more innovation and economic capital than European countries, partially because the regulatory environment is friendlier and more encouraging of risk. I tend to agree, but that s not really what s at stake for businesses facing organized labor. After WWII, the capitalist USA controlled about half of the world s wealth and was home to a robust labor movement. In many ways the American labor movement between ca. 1850 and 1960 was hugely influential in the Western world, including and especially Western Europe. During that time, American businesses produced an astonishing amount of inventions. For these historical reasons, I think the narrative about America s relationship to organized labor is far more complex than you ve asserted, unless we re supposed to pretend that American history only dates back to the Reagan administration.
He mentions River people aren t actually taking risks as one of the valid criticisms of the River viewpoint later in the article.
I would re-date and just include a short note to that effect if I had updates of any material nature.
Perhaps 70 could be LIFO and 30 FIFO. This will give an incentive for people to visit when there is no queue at all, but everyone will eventually get served. The problem would be to uniquely identify someone to avoid cheating.
I spent nearly six years homeless. During that time, I basically taught myself to make money online.I still don t have much, but I m off the street. I read articles like this and imagine a future where I m wealthy and powerful and everyone will talk about my privileged background and pooh pooh the idea that I m self made.If I ever figure out how to address affordable housing in some meaningful way, no one will laud me as a champion of the poor and downtrodden. No, they will most likely label me a slumlord.Of course, no one is entirely self made. Of course, it s helpful to know what resources were genuinely involved in actually creating x, y or z. You have no hope of doing something similar if you have what amounts to misinformation about how it got done.But we value the concept of a self made person because we ve all had to fight to be free. We all struggle to take the hand life dealt us and turn it into a thing we desire. We all look to others who somehow accomplished that for clues to find our way into the unmapped future and try to make it a thing we don t loathe overly much.
It s still rolling out, should be available for most people right now though
Google Hangouts
The biggest 2 issues at least for non-EU companies are the extraterritorial reach, and the absurd maximum fines that can indeed be assessed for a first, single violation. Whether or not that is the public s understanding of the law, that is how it is written, and when it comes to enforcement, the letter of the law is the only thing that matters.So we have a foreign government to us that has asserted authority to reach beyond its borders and into our pockets with an absurdly complex regulation, where a single violation would financially destroy the company. Since I don t have 20 million to give to them, and the families of my employees depend on their income for things like food and housing, I have to either carry expensive liability insurance to protect against that, or block EU traffic. For us, and I suspect most other sites on the planet, that s an easy decision to make. I ll take a 5 -10 hit in revenue from the loss of EU traffic and be able to sleep at night knowing that someone in a country I ve never been to isn t out there filing documents that have the ability to destroy my and my employees livelihoods.I won t go into the minutiae of why it s so easy to violate and why most of the experts we have spoken to agree that being compliant is an uncertain endeavor at best, even if you want to comply, because that would be a very long winded comment. But if you do a Google search, you ll see the gist of the problems.
Even if he was totally right he was aware that most people thought he was wrong. It s insane to make advertisers and investors think you re a lunatic whether or not you actually are when your income is dependent on those advertisers.
Heaven forbid someone should study something for any reason other than money.Yeah, I was grossed out when I read this. Glad I wasn t alone.
As far as broadcom and intel drivers. Intel is definately superior. I have both chipsets in my devices, and I ve had bugs in broadcom drivers cost me hours more than once.
If you are modifying an unbraced if-statement and aren t paying attention to scoping, then you are being woefully negligent at your job.No. Brains model the world based on sampled data from the senses. This internal model will frequently deviate from the real world so mistakes are inevitable. However, you can design programming languages and programming constructs in a way that makes brains either more or less susceptible to these kinds of mistakes. For example, if your programming language doesn t allow these types of compound statements, than the human brain will never make that kind of mistake.I m primarily programming in Java and JavaScript and I ve learned to just put braces around every statement that warrants one. I got burned once or twice and I prefer the peace of mind that comes with removing an entire class of bugs at the cost of two extra characters.
I agree with everything you said. Additionally, I think that the ZeroMQ guide is also a great resource to learn a lot of the common networking patterns, even if you don t plan on using ZeroMQ directly.
I m not sure what other people experience. In myself, I mostly found sneezing involuntary, until I learned to mediate it.Perhaps your skill is an example of having made the change when you were young. Now you ve had a lot of practice.When I was 8 years old a kid at school taught me how to wiggle my ears. I can do it good - like Dumbo the elephant.Nobody else I know can do it or learn it. It seems to be something best learned young.
I think the social dynamic isn t there, and the industry is still fairly young in comparison to movies. Games weren t traditionally that narrative based, and with a number of key disciplines standing entirely on their own to make up the game experience a game director isn t really as influential as a movie director. Some games don t even have a person you could point to and say that s the game director. The owner of a company hired a bunch of people to come together and make games, and they did it together.To the various game director s credit, I d also like to think it s a bit of humility baked into the game development community. I m sure a game director can take a walk through their office, glance at any of the screens, from creative to technical, and think oh yeah, these are the people making this thing happen . Game studios without a doubt have some of the most talented people in the world working for them. Making games is hard!
just freaking leave facebook already, you don t need it
If you are interested in CDN performance comparison as seen by end-users take a look at our Charts yegg wrote about our services on his blog --
Maybe, I m guessing a prop 13 repeal attached to a corresponding reduction in income tax to make it revenue-neutral would have a better time passing.
It s literally crap and lacks features. See Firefox on Android, compare it to iOS and update your post
Type-level naturals let you express things like map on a Vector of length n will produce a Vector of length n and given an element x and a vector xs of length n, cons x xs will produce a Vector of length n 1 . Other functions can inspect these nats and prevent you from taking the head of an empty list, as a very basic example.
Isn t that the whole worse is better thing in action? People complained about C and Unix when they were new, but they picked up so much traction, and people invested enough effort into working around the flaws, that it just achieved critical mass. Same thing with JavaScript it s never going anywhere.Certainly higher-level languages have edged out C in many domains though.
GitHub has massively reduced the amount of work needed to start contributing to a project - click fork , make your changes, send a pull request. That said, actually learning how to use git in the first place is quite a bit of work.
IIRC, they only standardized the interfaces, not the implementations. You could write your team s code any which way you wanted, but you had to expose a consistent REST api in front of it all and publish its specification to the rest of the company.
I now realise I should ve read the article, instead of clicking back as soon as it auto-played a video. I didn t realise it was deliberate, and fraud.
My last vanilla Javascript project ended up with a library of useful functions which could be used independently. My last vanilla PHP project indeed had some sort of glue layer to tie some things together routing . But it was more about convenience and less about requirement. Most of the code could be used independently nevertheless.
Location Ottawa, ON, CanadaRemote PreferredWilling to relocate Prefer to be remote, open to relocation for the right opportunityTechnologies Backend development in various languages PHP, C , Python, Node , frontend development HTML CSS Javascript ,cyber security analysis pentestingResume CV Please contactEmail curtis at thegeekbin dot comCurrent Timezone EST
is Rust really stable for use in building Production systems?Of course. Rust code has been shipping in Firefox for years now, and most of FAANG uses Rust in production to some degree. The bigger question is whether Rust has the features you need. Async IO, for example, is still quite new. And some C -like features like const generics are still in development.
I watched yesterday which goes into details about problems with a similar service, Grammarly.What Bee said really resonated with me. I used to be a stickler for grammar rules and proper English, but as I ve progressed in life I ve come to realize that those rules are all secondary. All that really matters is that you are understood in the way you want to be understood.Grammar rules help educate people about common idioms and structures so that they can understand others and be understood themselves. Additionally, by following a certain set of grammatical conventions, you can change the way you are perceived. By ignoring the rules, one might be seen as erudite and sophisiticated. OTOH u dont always want to seem stuckup
How do you like each other? How they compare? Which one will you use on which case?
So what you are saying is that there should be safe spaces for conservatives to express themselves? That conservatives should be welcomed for their diversity? That conservstives should be given a participation trophy and honored for their special snowflake ideas?
I think I am at least somewhat more productive than average.. oh come on, no need for false modesty here, I think we can all acknowledge that average is a pretty low bar, especially for someone in his position lol.
Hurry! Let s approve this liberticide bill using the old for children safety argument before AI allows pedophiles to create their own real looking virtual child porn at home, and we run out of excuses to justify it.
It doesn t seem especially egregious to me to restrict fishery in US waters to US-based companies.
Also, if they are Americans then they are benefitting from the history of the United States whose founding fathers shared our ideals. Certainly there s an argument to be made that without those ideas and conviction we would have ended up much more like Brazil. And being a Brazilian-American, let me be the first to say that the average American could not imagine a life as the average Brazilian and the type of systematic oppression that they have come to expect over generations.
Is not really hard to imagine that more automation of this kind might result in some automated processes which results in someone get shot at a border by light handed policy.This kind of thing should have very hard legal consequences for a company like Google.Imagine being labeled as some kind of murder rapist pedophile whatever and moving into a neighborhood which gets angry fast.
2015 PutinIt s like they are giving the Emmys to the actors of some weird worldwide soap opera.
Yeah. And you know, as a casual audiophile, that s my big frustration with this hobby. There s so much bullshit marketing and audiophiles who believe it that it really gives the whole hobby a bad name. On the bright side, there are a lot of objective audiophiles and with just a little bit of knowledge you can get fantastic sound for very little money... The label probably didn t give Green Day a huge amount of money for production when they made Dookie, for example, but it eventually sold 20 million copies and additional production made sense. I don t know about Dookie but their latter albums were recorded with full dynamic range and then squashed down into loudness-wars style mush.
I don t know what makes a comment dead in HN, but I think the sibling comment by steve76 should remain part of the conversation. It s difficult to address persons concerns if you refuse to hear them out.
Absolutely.
What is your take home pay as a software dev after insurance, vs the US? My math says the US still wins big for the top half of society and loses for the bottom
I think it s a case where systems diversity can be an advantage. Much like how most malware was historically written for Windows and could be avoided by using Linux, the low-quality search engine bait is created for Google and can be avoided by using a different style of search engine.
Suggest reading some Garett Jones. Hive Mind is a great book.
NSIS is more than alive for Electron apps -- it s about to become the default windows installer in electron-builder! Squirrel.windows will be deprecated soon.
Vernor Vinge, the man who coined the phrase Technological Singularity , gave an interesting talk describing three scenarios if the Singularity does not happen. He calls them A Return to MADness, The Golden Age, and The Wheel of Time. He still regards the Singularity as the most likely non-catastrophic outcome for our near future. What If the Singularity Does NOT Happen text
Apple seems to be unwittingly making Epic s case in their antitrust case, and helping to justify the need for independence and separation of distribution, curation, payment processing, and operating system.I know payments networks can get funny with payments that go to anyone doing anything not in line with their puritan views, but webs of intermediaries usually tend to resolve that issue.What about apps like Reddit though? Don t they have IAP for their tokens or things you can give users, but also feature 18 communities? This does seem to be an uneven application of the rules.
Unicornporn thamks for the writeup, saved me a lot of time I thought IPFS was ready to go for this sort of use case P.s I think there is a typo at ipfs pin add where it s used twice instead of ipfs pin add then ipfs add I think?
It was compiler-dependent.Reminds me of a bug i was wrangling in GTK, now hopefully long gone, that only showed up if the lib was compiled with a certain level of optimization set in GCC.
Next step make a radio station
Anyone is free to set up a computer in their basement, install a web server, open up port 80 to the world, and serve to the world whatever blog or forum they want.Only until their ISP decides to do the same thing Amazon did or buckles under the DDoS attacks that will happen . Or their registrar or DNS provider, assuming you don t consider domains optional too.
Norvig s interpreter is pretty solid, but another fellow did it recently as well
As a sailor I hope these dont take off. It ll put a lot of the water off limits to boaters. Which would really suck.
There s no way Firefox can protect itself from a 3rd party that can write to the disk. It s only making it more difficult. Viruses will still manage OK.
Grandparent said Projects are for fun. Projects may become elevated to startups only if they make money. Does Quora make money?
Does mailbox.org even include the From address in the DKIM signature?According to the spec, the From field must be included in every DKIM signature.
It s not stealing because the data isn t being taken away. It s copying .
Another technique is to run a stripped down version of your site with whatever content functionality fits into the GDPR. Set your log retention to under a month not a GDPR requirement, just a tactic that makes compliance easier , redact sensitive information under the GDPR, ask for consent, offer DSAR tools if applicable, etc.I noticed this being employed by some media sites when I was vacationing in Europe. No Discus comments, no account creation or login, just articles and banner ads. The sites loaded so much faster. I ve done similar things at work when building out privacy law compliance. It s a good pattern if you don t need one to one feature equivalency between your US and EEA GB presence.
Foundations of Quantum Mechanics was really the 1920s as well Bohr s Copenhagen Interpretation, Heisenberg s matrix mechanics, and the Schrodinger Equation are all from around 1925. Dirac Equation relativistic QM is from 1928. The parallels with work in the foundations of computing are certainly there, and interesting, but the initial breakthroughs were happening in different decades.
Reminds me of this
Hey HNCo-founder of dddice here. Feel free to ask any questions about our infrastructure, codebase, or my latest D D characters!
And building relationships with people not computers.
It s not just about cookies, tracking and advertising it s about informing the user about what will be done with their data, its retention periods and reasons for holding collecting processing the data. This will be site dependant, so can t really be generalised in the way you suggest. eg a manufactures website may say they hold your data for 6 years in case of a product recall but an online shop might only hold your data for 12 months for the purpose of returns, so it ll be different permission in each case.
Fair, and we can disagree. I ll say that I m not a fan of urging people to die in fires.However, it s noteworthy that her review made several clear statements, some opinion and some fact, in her own name. She didn t resort to ad hominem attacks, nor doxxing, nor swatting. And evidently 370 of 1218 people found it useful in some way.Also noteworthy that Stop the Goodread Bullies isn t a balanced, objective news source. Their coverage makes clear that SJW is a pejorative term that equates to bullying 1 that they re happy to damn with innuendo rather than fact 2 and they re seemingly okay with pulling quotes out of context 3 . The only mention of Vox Day, who has participated in the same bullying review activity 4 , is in the article you shared. Ergo, I d tend to say they re not unbiased.Still, they re not aking lewd suggestions or threatening peoples lives, so I m glad they re out there working to represent their opinions directly. 1 Well, it appears that bullies also known as SJWs are at it again 2 which quotes a Breitbart article, including a link to an eleven year old arrest the page gives no reason along with ... for what she claims were traffic offences but around which much more salacious rumours swirl, say games industry insiders. Neither Breitbart nor STGRB offers evidence supporting the claim they perpetuated. 3 ... I read the tweets at the time, and this is a very selective, one-sided collection. 4 which is a good source of referenced quotes made by Theodore Beale aka Vox Day. I wouldn t hold Rational Wiki up as an unbiased news source, either.
We ll just have to hold our own shindig, with educational flash cards and nature documentaries.
Read the article. Wrong country
High margin why?
Why? Seems to it s like running a VC fund. One hit could justify all those experiments in perpetuity.
Yep. It s awesome.
Ah, the videos come with pointers to exercises? I m quite excited about and possibilities for interactive learning through automated theorem proving. Thanks!
It is sad. But I feel some of the sibling comments about availability are correct. My love of Lisp went unrequited for may years. Faffing around with Steel Bank and Common Lisp environments that drove me crazy, when I could just typecc myprog.cand get stuff done fast but unsafely The Scheme we had at college which ran on some Sun machines IIRC just wasn t available in the wild once I left school.
The movie Cube is an exploration of your black box concept.
hm. self registration, domain whitelisting and email verification are all handled by the homeserver these days - you don t need an identity server for it. combined with the graphical installer that hopefully lands today, we should be massively improved.
I doubt it, but they d probably be against people quoting copyrighted material verbatim without attribution in their own work after.
No they shouldn t.The way I see it is that there are two opposing things you can optimise for that depend on queue depth utilisation or latency.If you care about processing each message as quickly as possible then queues should be empty. This often requires a higher cost and lower utilisation as you inevitably have idle workers waiting for new messages.If you care about utilisation, then you never want your queue to be empty while something is polling it. This might be some background task that runs on a GPU - every second that sits idle is wasted cash, and those tasks usually benefit heavily from batching inputs together.In this case you want it to always have something to read from the queue and shut it down the moment this isn t the case.
My read on the situation is that stocks were criminally undervalued for decades and just recently started reaching sane valuations.PE ratio is pretty high historically, only higher briefly in 2000 and 2008, both before huge corrections
This seems compelling if you re already sold on the Amazon ecosystem, but not terribly so if you re not -- especially at that price.
Not sure what s up with the downvotes that s a harsh but accurate assessment of what it s like to work at the average large Japanese company.
No, because Germany doesn t have that big of an IT space. Aerospace and automotive would be good sectors to hit back with because they are more relatively important to Germany as IT is for the US.
I really want to see a cross-shell, declarative language for autocomplete definitions. Does such a thing exist?
It would be quite something to rewrite glibc in Rust! Of course, its the C C run time.
That s what I m doing now for all my other Wikipedia sandboxes. I just assumed it was safe up there, and it was for almost 2 years, until I checked recently.
FULLTIME or INTERN. Offices in San Francisco, Boston, and Menlo Park.Delphix www.delphix.com is a data virtualization company that does for databases what VMware did for servers - this is a massive market, and we are on track for similar success. The product is unique and provides huge value to our users - in our first year of selling, we have already added 30 large corporate customers, including many of the Fortune 500 Proctor Gamble, Staples, Qualcomm, etc. . The engineering team is top notch, which includes inventors and architects of the VMware platform, Oracle RAC, Sun ZFS file system, and DTrace. We believe database virtualization is the next frontier for achieving 100x payback in IT, and Delphix is leading the way.Delphix engineering sits at the nexus of three core technologies databases, operating systems, and the cloud. We ve taken the best and brightest across the industry and built an engineering culture where anyone with a good idea has a voice and can drive unique projects with the backing of a wealth of knowledge and experience. Whether its developing new abstractions in the filesystem, designing an architecture to inter-operate with a novel database, or developing a new cloud paradigm for structured data, there is no lack of hard problems and opportunities at Delphix. WANTED intelligent creative passionate problem solvers Do you want to work with brilliant people in a culture where creativity and clarity of thinking is encouraged and rewarded? Are you interested in working on the Data, the next big problem in Data Center? Do you thrive on solving difficult technical challenges? Do you take pride in writing beautiful code with a strong attention to detail? Then we are looking for you! Engineers who strive to master their craft generalists who want to contribute at all levels of the application, from the database to the client and all things in-between. Delphix offers awesome tough technical challenges in the Systems Management, File Systems, Distributed Cloud Computing, Clustering, Databases, and software excellence.Email jobs delphix.com for more information and include Hacker News in the subject line.
Many people drink a lot of calories per day could be soda, fruit juice or alcohol without realizing it, and many people sneak small items and lie about it too.She s been guilty of cheating in the past, but I m quite sure she s not this time. Her trainer says target 1400 calories but she s been doing 1200, which seems reasonable to me, but maybe that s too low and kicking the body into self-preservation mode.
Thing is though that h264 royalties are capped at 5m year for next year and even that is only in hardware - internet broadcast is license free for another 18 months, and licenses are not allow to grow in cost by more than 10 per 5 year renewal term.So given that this acquisition is equivalent to 18 years of h.264 royalties I doubt the motivation is purely financial.
It s a nice result a world full of 130-IQ humans with a 120-year life expectancy sounds stable and achievable next to most techno-utopian visions.But, I wonder if you asked a 115-year old whether they wanted to die in 5 years what they would say then.
ok, but how many of these do you need?For what? A web server the most common application around can use one for each simultaneous connection. They don t even have to be on the same box. A database server is limited on IO, but can use many CPU cores to speed-up things. A component on the latest productivity suite can probably use only one, but should require an entire one anyway, and your usual Win10 desktop has plenty of stupid stuff to run by its own, while your usual Linux desktop was already idling 90 of the time a decade ago.It is always a matter of what are you doing. If your task is inherently serial, do you need it done only once?
I just tested Alexa turn on the living room AND the den and it worked fine.However, further resting revealed that I need to stress the and and have a little of a pause before it so that Alexa understands that and means an additional command and isn t just part of living room. However, even is situations where Alexa didn t recognize the and part of the command it still turned on the living room lights...
In Denmark, they prevent infections in chicken houses by thoroughly cleaning them, then using techniques developed for clean rooms to prevent infections. In the US, we let them wade in their own filth and pump them full of antibiotics. We should just make it flat out illegal to use antibiotics across entire herds of livestock. We should also fine doctors for prescribing antibiotics to patients with a viral infection and no sign of bacteria in their systems, unless they are severely immune compromised.
That was funny! the average personSo I m riding the subway in NYC and there are these adds for yet another one of these crypto related businesses and copy iirc goes something like stop boring us at parties trying to explain crypto. just invest with us blah blah . Pretty sure the irony is lost on the target demographic.
All the value from your past year working will be in the form of experience gained as an engineer and as a cofounder. Don t throw away a personal business relationship over scraps that will turn out to be worthless.
I ve made several apps on the app store, I have 100 dau and still haven t generated a profit. 30 of nothing is still nothing.
if it is running near capacity, its crowded, and therefore unpleasant, which causes people to attempt to adjust their schedule to use it at other times, shifting the loadif its not running near capacity, its wasting a lot of space, and therefore more wasteful than private automobilesin both cases the scale of the system and the centrally planned nature of the system make its response time lag behind the people using it, causing them to seek alternatives if they are able
Logical gotchas don t work with people who just ignore contradiction and hypocrisy.
The definition of pi is what determines the digits of pi, FULL STOP. There s no room whatsoever, for any sort of agent to leave a message in those digits.All the agent needs to do is design or adjust the life forms it wants to find the message so that they are inclined to choose a numeric base in which the right sequence appears in the digits of π. The definition of π defines it s value, but the sequence of digits doesn t just depend on the value, but also the choice of base.
I looked into the CLIQZ browser standalone, not the Firefox feature extension about a half a year ago because someone at my company suggested to use it as our standard browser. CLIQZ is heavily marketed as privacy respecting browser. Just the quotes from their homepage 1 Cliqz gives you relevant search results and does not leak your private data. , Does not save any private data, has all the privacy features. Knowing the company behind CLIQZ is one of the largest German media groups Hubert Burda Media I was suspicious. A quick check with Wireshark revealed that every keystroke in the URL-bar is sent in realtime to some Amazon servers.Given that CLIQZ does come with ad blocking and anti tracking features I assume that when they talk about privacy they really mean private between Hubert Burda Media and you, cutting out Google, Facebook, etc.EDIT Here is another quote from their website 2 Privacy by Design means that no personal data is stored on our servers. We do not only promise that. Using the Cliqz transparency dashboard you are able to check that anytime. The mentioned Transparency Cockpit explicitly says Telemetry data do not contain any information about queries, search results or visited URLs. 1
I work for Elsevier. About 2 years ago there was a big internal push to drive it home that we are now a data and analytics company and not a publisher.
In the U.S., the doctors do not have standing to appear in court and order treatment, or non-treatment, for a patient. That is solely up to the family, and if there is no family, the court appoints a guardian. There is no way this situation could have happened in the U.S., where the parents were forbid to pay for own treatment.I think it does concern single-payer. I can only think of the quote, A government powerful enough to give you everything you want, has the power to take everything you need away . In this case, where the government controls healthcare, it can make decisions for you, even if that is not what you want, or are willing to pay for yourself.
True - though I prefer binaries because when building from source it s easy to burn time just fiddling with dependencies
You could have stayed in Python and used PyOpenCL or Numba or weave inline or f2py or...What is the real reason to use C here?
Test your software on shitty hardware.It s great that your development computer has 32 cores and 64GB of RAM. But your users aren t so lucky.
Being specifically anti-cryptocurrency seems both too specific and not specific enough. Why aren t oil and gas companies excluded? Why isn t ad-tech excluded? Why aren t dodgy anti-virus companies that pray on the computer illiterate excluded?Why are all cryptocurrency jobs excluded? Why aren t jobs around blockchain analysis for fraud or tax investigations allowed?The result is a feeling that this site is an emotional response to an individual s frustrations, rather than a meaningful attempt to change the job market.
Beyond even Trump supporters, Twitter banned Trump himself. While he was still the democratically-elected president! Among those alarmed by the move were...Navalny, who described it as an unacceptable act of censorship .
I constantly have problems with people posting the same information on unit tests, again and again. I know how to set up for example RSpec, MiniTest, Cucumber, FactoryGirl. The thing that people struggle with is how to use these in a larger, practical sense, rather than in just the trivial. I think this puts a lot of people off testing.
Emotions exist for a reason. Deny them at your own peril.
flagged
At some point, it dawned on me that my problem wasn t that I didn t understand monads, it s that the idea s so simple I couldn t convince myself I understood it, and that what I actually didn t understand was why anyone gave a shit about them.Like if a bunch of smart people keep going on and on about something called a floobiz , and every time they try to explain it to you, it just looks like a fucking cup. The problem isn t that you don t understand what a cup floobiz is, it s that you don t get why they keep going on about them like they re something special.
Shares fell 5 in after-hours trading closing Tuesday after the company announced the layoffs in a blog post.I thought layoff announcements are typically followed by stock price bumps, on the reasoning that the company will have lower costs?Perhaps here the thinking is that the move signals troubles that were previously not priced in?
It seems like it would provide quite a bit of relevant background to originalist interpretations of the constitution, and those are fairly common.
Agree 100 , that is one situation where this would not work. I apologize for having on my USA blinders
or else is not even scientific
And confluent kafka w 4.5B. Not to mention Google themselves are making money from open sourcing containers, like tons of it.They start this conversation saying only redhat can be redhat , but then basically throw their hands up in the air because they can t describe all of open source as one business model. Different products technologies require different business models.I don t think it s surprising that a podcast named on premises IT is out of touch with a wide array of successful service based business models I say this with love .
One of the things I feel OpenBSD has gotten right with pledge and unveil is the placement of responsibility. It s the developers who know and understands the code the best, so they are the most qualified to lock down the code.Most qualified, certainly. But if all application developers were responsible, we wouldn t need security mechanisms in the first place. I may be misunderstanding how pledge works, but it seems to be actually a very poor security mechanism, since you could just write software which... doesn t pledge to only use certain capabilities. It seems like a great bug prevention mechanism, but not so much for security.
Would you like to show a calculation that shows a an ev powered by coal is worse than petrol.How are you defining powered by coal , because China s energy mix isn t 100 coal either.
That s a good point, especially since Thatcher the conservatives haven t even been all that economically right wing. They do have a tendency to cut public sector spending, with austerity and such policies, but the UK starting point for the welfare state is much more than the US.
For the Bay Area, probably the best bets are Los Gatos if you work on the peninsula and Mill Valley if you work in the city San Francisco . Requires a roughly one hour commute though, depending on time of day and the parking situation.
Ok, we changed the URL to the release notes from
Ah ok - didn t know that
even Obamacare was labeled as controversialObama lied about it some like to point at European countries e.g. France as proof that universal healthcare works, ignoring that a some of those countries are very different from the US, and b even the successful ones aren t proven viable for the future, i.e. rising costs.If you want to improve things, how? The money has to come from somewhere, and so far may of the plans punish those that already have health plans. Some administration needs the balls to truly reform healthcare laws - but that s one hell of a fight, especially while concurrently fighting all the other issues culture wars at the moment.
I m just past the second dose on my older border collie, and it has been a good thing for him. But I would hesitate to call it a miracle. He s somewhat more active and flexible, but he still has some trouble climbing steps and stairs.He also loves the cold, and he s always more active in the winter anyway. I would say he s close to the level he was last winter instead of slightly declined. That s great, but not miraculous.We ll stick with the regimen and see if he continues to improve. I ll upgrade my judgement if he starts climbing stairs again.
I know of at least one instance where your version was incorrect 2008 2009 .One one hand, we have thousands of years of history with what causes inflation.On the other hand, we have one instance.I d say one has to examine the one counterexample for something missed. Your cite makes no mention of 2008 2009. Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.Recall my other post here about how making loans creates money, and paying the loans back destroys it. Bankruptcy destroys money. I wonder if all the bankruptcies, defaults, haircuts and writedowns removed a vast amount of money from circulation, and the deficit spending simply filled that hole rather than creating more inflation.
I was going to ask the stupid question why bother with special lenses to introduce unsharp parts if you can just destroy details in software still anyway but I think I realized the answer, in case anyone else has that question also introducing it later depends on knowing which parts were further away. Pictures typically don t have depth distance information for each pixel.
I think there s a huge difference between everyone having unlimited material goods Star Trek style and UBI being a floor for everyone. I think of UBI as a floor that I can go below no matter how bad I screw up. If I start a company and max out my credit cards to fund it and it goes belly up then no matter how much I still owe to Chase I will still get my 1000 month to pay the rent and put food in my belly.But I will still want luxury goods and I m willing to work for them most of the time. I want a phone upgrade every few years which might be a luxury I couldn t afford under UBI. I like flying airplanes and certainly would need to work to pay for that hobby. But if I get burnt out and want to read books for a year then I could do that too!
How on Earth is pointing out the hypocrisy of censoring paid propaganda by a state actor, but not by a corporate actor whataboutism? This is an incredibly relevant issue.And we re not even trying to deal with the problem of Coca Cola being on Twitter . The whole raison d etre for Twitter s existence is dissemination of paid propaganda by corporate actors. It s what keeps the lights on at Twitter! Ads, promoted tweets, and other forms of paid speech.
bit of discipline
The thing about paypal is that when it works its fairly nice service, and people do not understand or read terms that it is not THEIR money displayed by digits on screen, but money held by a private company who does everything to not be regulated like a bank would.So average people then demand merchants accept Paypal and throw a hissy fit when the merchant balks rightly pointing that beside the fees there is a very real risk that merchant would be screwed. And of course really good big merchants Amazon etc have already great deals with banks credit card networks directly and fraud detection systems in place.So you endup in a situation where Paypal basically screws small merchants every single time. I had an account frozen before with business nearly going out of business thanks to Paypal, it is unnerving trying to get in contact with support technicians who speak English and are not robots reading from a sheet and having to PROVE THAT YOU ARE NOT GUILTY of whatever paypal thing you are guilty of, and of course they rarely tell you why money is being held ransom.There are alternatives, here in Europe SEPA and various either bank transfer methods such as Ideal which makes Paypal redundant. Prepaid solutions such as paysafecard are good too but high fees of circa 10 . And of course there is Bitcoin buy I better not talk about that on HN out of fear of being instantly down-voted by people who do not realize that outside the US there are very little payment options online or who do not understand bitcoin which is strange for a nerd site as can be seen from various past threads regurgitating same cons its almost as if there is a coordinated effort one would think... .
I d imagine that s for the benefit of the viewing audience more than anything.
Authors can sell their own books even if someone else publishes it. Especially if it s published into the public domain.
Most predictable headline award goes to
Of course not, I m an immigrant myself. But I never saw a Canada born person working in Tim Hortons major cities, not middle of nowhere Starbucks of the other hand doesn t hire immigrants, just hipster Humanities PhDs I m generalizing of course!
So that value just magically appears at the moment of offer to exit?
It s a bit more complicated than that.
A lot of people are looking for an all controlling force in the country or worldinstead, I see a lot of demigods that rule their domain, curating complete autonomy as long as they stay within the confines they finessed
Last time i checked, Brave was insisting on convinving me to use certain cryptocurrency platforms and it was more intrusive with it than typical web ads, which seemed really twisted, as the same Brave claimed to give ad-free experience.Are they still doing that?
I wonder how far we are from a real usable phone that docks into being a real usable PC. I suppose that s more of a hardware than software program. I m aware of Samsung s DEX and similar, but I would guess the performance isn t great given the limited memory, etc, on a phone.
That looks like a nice tool for generating a graphql schema. Resolving functions are still required.
I m on the other side where I m answering questions, I start with Hi, what is the problem you re having? , the only answer to that is exactly what I want to hear. Not Hey what can I do for you today or anything like that to which the answer could start with a review, or an anecdote, or whatever.So the other side of this is greet people with direction.
Yes, but that means that no language can save you.
Can you give a summary? ISPs would have to assign a 32 prefix to every connection before we d be in the same boat as IPv4, but my ISP gives out 64 prefixes and so uses a 4-billionth as much of the address space as IPv4 does .
Airgapping wouldn t be enough here since it infects any USB device plugged in. You ll have to run the USB through some antivirus any time you want to use a new design from a good computer.
... you did not just quote the US Constitution at a Ukrainian.
All the drones I ve seen have relatively limited weapons capacity. Nothing close to the A-10. I do agree this is probably the future, but we re not there yet.
I can t wait to get home from work to try this, looks awesome!!I ve been looking for something that gives a modern, live-coding-ish experience similar to how you used to program in BASIC on the Commodore 64. No clutter, a fullscreen immediate editor REPL in one window, nice big text, etc.The closest I ve found to what I m after until now that is is fluxus Would really really love to hear of any others.
If you are a core maintainer, and your job is to interact with this code on a regular basis, you re the de-facto expert on its quality albeit with some personal biases . If you think the code you have to work on is bad, and people don t work on that code are saying you re wrong after just skimming it, it s going to drive you insane.What you describe is the usual case, so it s a reasonable thing to assume, but if we examine reality we can make a case for concluding in this particular instance it s reversed.S. is a newcomer, ISTR he started out with XS just a few years before. I just spot-checked the last 200 out of 500 commits, not a single one touches the core C part, it s only documentation and release maintenance. I mention these not because I think they are strong evidence for the case that he is not an expert, but easily verifiable. nwclark, pevans, davem definitely got their fingers dirty with the core of the code base, and were 2 out of 3 also previous release managers, we should consider experts and not just skimming . whether or not code has cruft is entirely a subjective manner.This was not was the argument was about. It was rather one party claims the cruft is a big impediment against improvements, the other party claims the cruft is not a big deal in that regard.
Be happy, there was a time when we didn t know about this stuff either -
Well, sure, but I wouldn t call it severely misleading. It led me right to the point. Anyways, title is changed now.
thanks for sharing!
Don t take it as granted but here s an older thread where 15k- 20k is speculated
Miller v. Ford Motor Co. would disagree. There is a viable legal precedent, and it is very arguably illegal. The appellate court ruled that the voice of someone famous as a singer is distinctive to their person and image and therefore, as a part of their identity, it is unlawful to imitate their voice without express consent and approval. The appellate court reversed the district court s decision and ruled in favor of Midler, indicating her voice was protected against unauthorized use.
This sort of thing stems from fundamentally different ways of thinking about the task of programming, depending on what kind of problems you re tying to solve. Let me sketch some categories of programmer Mathematician primarily concerned with numbers and the stateless universe of mathematical objects. Primary audience for functional programming.Roboticist because control systems engineer doesn t trip off the tongue. Primarily concerned with physical machinery. Trained on things like Kalman filters and lift controller state machines. Would like the certainty of functional programming but tends to write sphagetti assembler instead in order to reduce interrupt latency.Plumber someone who would like to build a system by joining together parts. Perpetually disappointed by how hard this is. Labview is the archetype system here, although a lot of web framework stack talk shows this kind of thinking.Bureaucrat someone for whom the records are the primary concern. Tends to build systems which look like CRUD but actually embed a complex workflow which is divided between humans and computers.The thing is, only the mathematicians are really comfortable hiding all the state in the world behind monads. Plumbers might be the next easily persuadable, as FRP maps quite well to this way of thinking, as does map reduce. But there isn t quite the tooling to enable building software out of pieces joined by pipes.In the electronic and bureaucratic control systems, changing state is the point of the program. The thinking revolves around state, when it should be updated, and what it should be updated to. Stuffing this all behind a monad results in unnatural-feeling programs. There s a hybrid point where you have a state part of the program and a pile of next state logic which is basically the only way to write Verilog VHDL - and it s hard to learn and not so naturally expressive.Perhaps the way in is something like C s const you take a language that isn t functional and mark parts of your code as non-state-modifying, making it easier to subject them to formal reasoning.
All the other comments are focusing on the Apple angle, but I want to comment on how amazing the developer, Riley, is.I ve seen him working on this project Delta and the AltStore for four or five years. It s a project he s passionate about, and he s building it for himself, not to try and make money. In fact, he s turned down offers from startups and top tech companies to work on this . More than almost anyone else I know, Riley embodies the classical hacker ethos. I believe partway through the project he decided to make this open source, so he then went back and re-factored a lot of the code to make it easier to learn from.Here s the repository, btw
Well to be fair the largest expense with a house is without a doubt the mortgage, and that s not going to change even if property taxes are reassessed every year. Their mortgage would be 700 mo no matter what as it should be . Is anyone here arguing that you should have 2,000 mo in property taxes for a 700 mo mortgage?
I must have missed all of this outrage over Android, Chrome, GMail, Docs Drive, Adwords, Analytics, etc, etc.To be honest, I m really glad Google finally pulled the plug on Reader instead of letting it rot to death. It s opened up the market for companies who will really focus on it. The same with iGoogle, which will be replaced by a much better Google Now -ish product.
Bromite is at this point abandonware, try Cromite instead
Eh. Hence why I said it like I did. In most cases, the device generates the secrets. And that s how it should be done, it guarantees that they can t be compromised easily vs if someone compromised wherever you backed up those keys to .
Agreed, and it s so subjective. I was a long-time Apple keyboard user I had the flat chiclet board for years , and struggled with whether a mechanical keyboard would be too loud, or the extra key travel would bother me. I ordered a key switch sampler, but even with that it s pretty hard to get a sense what they ll feel like on a board. I obsessed about keyboards for probably a month before breaking down and ordering a WASD with Cherry MX Blues. For what it s worth, I found that the loudness of these keyboards was wildly overstated, and I think you probably get used to whatever you ve got after a few weeks of use anyway. I never really think about my keyboard until one of these threads pops up, which is funny considering how much mental energy I devoted to choosing one.
Of course it is.
I agree that it can be both. In this case, imo, it is not both.This isn t clickbait because this fact is pertinent.
Most of the complaints I have heard are about the developers using their position of power to push their own political agenda.If a developer is the authority on a package, they should be able to do what they want right? Not sure why this is a bad thing, people can fork the project if they don t agree with the changes. Or just use previous versions.What s the alternative? A single authoritarian political agenda? A lot of people moved to the faster alternative yarn, this caused the NPM developers to rain in their bull.Yarn is just another CLI tool, it doesn t have its own packages and connects to the NPM repository.Also, it s now extremely hard to remove or change a version of a package on NPM...
One of the things that made the article so interesting was that the author would try to find salvation in a solo side project, only to find himself right back in the same hell.I ve been through this same problem, even with Ruby. What I ultimately had to realize is that you have to just get really really familiar with Ruby before you can get a taste for its superpowers. I don t think it has all that much to do with languages stacks, though I do think it matters to a certain extent.I personally don t mind seeing warts in a Ruby codebase, because it means I m at least working with Ruby. I ve been violently dragged kicking and screaming away from Ruby more times than I ever want to see in my career.
Also not a botanist but often places could experience drought because they have cleared the land and the water runs off to river ocean. By planting trees, when it does rain the trees can absorb the water and stop the run off.
I voluntarily join a club. I get benefits from the club and I have responsibilities to the club.Of course I can eschew those responsibilities and then the club can deny me the benefits or kick me out.
It s pretty good to tackle SOPA, but the bigger picture is that there had been and currently are other SOPA-related bills. So it s seems likely that there will be more future attempts until it gives way to more Internet control.Demand Internet Freedom bills to replace SOPA.
And? Vanadium is not one of the REE.
given the talk, is the industry finally realizing what Mozilla, Cloudflare and Google are trying to pull off with DoH? I guess this is why the change of hearts from them and letting people block DoH within entire networks, hoping not to attract attention of how much control they want to take away.
Espressif is no longer alone in the ultra low cost hobby WiFi SoC space. Pine has started working with the Bouffalo BL602 which seems to be a fairly similar RISC-V powered part will be interesting to see which one gains critical mass in community use.
Thanks for the insult!My point was intentionally narrow and I don t really think it s necessary for me to repeat it.Whether copyright infringement is free riding and whether or not free riding is immoral will have to wait for another day.Cheers, Jesse
If I want to become better at something, I must accept poor results, especially in the beginning.Facing one s own mediocrity is the toughest part of practicing. It s almost a magic process because you can spend so much time feeling like it s going nowhere -- even for days or weeks at a time -- but then somehow, one day, you re able to handily do things that used to seem impossible or out of reach. I don t know how it works, but I like it! I avoid certain things - to preserve a day by day individual status quo.Everyone does that to some extent. There are a few parts of the essay that talk about it We can t write off the danger of complacency, growing rigidity, imprisonment by our own comfortable habits and opinions. Look around you. How many people whom you know well -- people even younger than yourselves --are already trapped in fixed attitudes and habits. A famous French writer said There are people whose clocks stop at a certain point in their lives. Everyone fails, Joe Louis said Everyone has to figure to get beat some time. The question isn t did you fail but did you pick yourself up and move ahead? And there is one other little question Did you collaborate in your own defeat? A lot of people do. Learn not to.But my favourite quote is You never get the impression that a cow is about to have a nervous breakdown.
Absolutely. That s why I ve never been able to follow or watch any sport. Except maybe Ronny Sullivan playing snooker? Anyways the point is I have never been able to appreciate the value of sports as something you watch.
I m convinced WASM SQLite is the future of in-browser strorageNow imagine if we shipped native sqlite in all browsers, and provided native API for it, we could call it websql or something. Im sure the biggest proponents of open source world wide web would be all for it!
For people wanting to read the source aka study 1 1
If you leave it full of grounds for any length of time, it starts to corrode the interior of the tube it starts to look scratched . This can lead to seepage.
This reminds me of the fungi sub space system that was in Star Trek Discovery season 2 . Interesting.
The OP Said Salaried and there are many differences social status etc self defined hours of work.And if you think working in an office is just the same as working in a slaughter house or in an amazon warehouse you probably have never worked at manual job.
she has the ability and right to make decisions influencing her own life and death.True, but at the end of the day her decision is likely to rest on the advice given to her from an authority. If the doctor isn t following the proposed rules, then it makes the entire thing a fiasco. I guess I should be stressing how important the doctor s role is in the decision process of the patient.Just a side note, wouldn t the polar opposite of my mentioned case, be where a person tells another person that if they sign a contract then they will kill them?
Hi all! My name is Terenig, I m the author of this post and founder of Have A Go.My friend messaged me giving me the heads up that this article was on Hacker News. I was really surprised!I ll do my best to reply to some of the thoughtful comments.
When you think rock star , what connotations do you get? People who have a problem with the term most likely get connotations of self important, drugged out, skirt chasers who won a popularity contest. Not someone with technical acumen.With Ninjas there is at least some sense of skill involved. There is a willing to die for the cause connotation that is off putting.Basically there are plenty of behaviors and attitudes associated with rock stars and Ninjas that hint at poor working conditions, and a focus on popularity over technical quality.
I think this all turns to reddit the comments are very much Reddit like because this is the 20billionth article about following you passion basically.Sure, I get that, but this bring the nuance of the point of view of a working programmer.For a long time I had a hustling voice inside me that was very toxic and insisted on me working on things it thought were useful but I hated doing sadly I was used to hate doing everything in my life back then so I couldn t tune out the noise and pinpoint any particular problem . Took me like 10 years until I finally said f that crap and just started working on whatever I found interesting. Almost immediately, I felt better even with a health condition that I now have to actively fight to cure .So okay, we ve all seen such posts and maybe we grew cynical about it but anything that adds a bit of a further nuance might help others reduce the toxicity in their lives by at least commanding some happiness in their leisure time. And this title really seems to annoy people who have seen it all before most people cannot just drop everything and do whatever. No matter if you are thinking 24 7 about playing in a bluesband most by far and wide people cannot and will never be able to do that unless they win the lottery.Not many have the chance to make a U-turn late in their careers, true. The eternal pessimism and cynicism don t help as well though and they might even set your brain up on a path where it doesn t actively look for opportunities to give you a better life. Depression in general desensitizes you so if you can avoid that you re already ahead compared to many. And then you have all the negative thoughts the anxiety attacks and the cravings that you really should not give into...Here I can agree if I got you correctly -- giving in to fantasies is very toxic and makes your landing back in reality extremely painful. But we shouldn t cut it off entirely some day-dreaming helps us push forward.
GC only manages allocations. There are no allocations here to manage.You re missing the forest for the trees. The GC is integrally tied to lifetimes. If you have a Foo in Go, that may or may not be on the stack. It might be on the stack, thus no allocation, if the Go compiler can prove something about its lifetime and usage. Same deal with byte . Maybe that s tied to an array on a stack somewhere. Maybe not. AFAIK, in order to get guarantees about this in Go you need to drop down into unsafe . Yes, of course. The point is iterating over the lines of a file given the aforementioned constraints and not implementing Rust s Iterator abstraction . Whether or not Go or C have iterator abstractions is immaterial.That s why the very first thing I said to you was to point out the closure approach. I even linked you to real code that I ve written that does it. Yet round and round we go.
Micromanagement is a management style, not something you do over a weekend.Micromanagement is a bad management style to apply with creative teams. It breaks the creative flow, clouds judgement of quality and adds external pressure to a process that depends on consistent internal drive. You can micromanage accountants, SAP programmers and clerks, but if people like those in design teams or R D are focused on quality, micromanaging them quickly begins to resemble herding cats. Someone said that Steve Jobs wasn t a micromanager, only a great manager obsessed with details.Someone said that about Steve Jobs, and his work was of a very different nature. Articulating the concept of personal computing into a product is very much unlike the process of designing the logo, even if they are superficially similar.
The GPL was designed to prevent certain things. But the GPL cannot prevent the copyright holder choosing to change the license of future versions.
is another alternative for this sort of thing.
Most first time, non-violent federal offenses, then?
Seems that the target audience for this are non-technical people? Since I am a developer I am more interested in a CMS tool like that is open source and I can integrate within my app. Perhaps it d be useful to you to check it out!
That s not really the same thing since a big part of the reason BASIC had numbers on every line was to facilitate interactive, line-based editing, not to make them all targets for GOTO. FORTRAN had numerical labels for flow control by that point.
Sort of? No more FA117 or SR71, but the B2 is still in service.
Sun Surveyor 1 is another similar app for mobile that I have been using for years now and have found to be fantastic for planning photography trips. Knowing the exact times and angles of sunrise, sunset, blue and golden hours, moon cycles and the path of the Milky Way center really is a game-changer for landscape and night sky photography.If you re heading into built up or mountainous areas, the desktop version of Google Earth 2 is fantastic for trip planning too. You can turn on sunlight mode then set the date and time appropriately and interactively figure out and bookmark the best locations to be in, taking into account shadows cast by mountains and sometimes even buildings. 1
This i would say lends loads of support to the RNA world hypothesis that says RNA replication is the basic mechanism of life and DNA is just like storage of sorts, like RNA RAM, DNA HD ...
How exactly is an editor for stuff on your repos supposed to do its job otherwise?
Dumb question. Why can t we focus on a single exoplanet, look for mountains, grass, buildings?Why am I so stupid but isn t this the obvious thing to do?
IIRC 5 years ago mozilla announced that thunderbird was not a priority anymore and considered dropping it.Then 1 or 2 years ago mozilla announced that thunderbird sharing the firefox codebase was unnecessarily taxing firefox and the remaining thunderbird developers were struggling to follow the pace of firefox. Moreover that they believed thunderbird had little potential to have an impact as firefox has. So they proposed to separate thunderbird from firefox and cut the ties entirely.Last news I heard was that Thunderbird could join seamonkey and become a community effort with some backing from mozilla 1 . 1
Because of the payout model all and only winning tickets split a fixed prize the EV for buying multiple randomly distributed tickets and uniformly distributed tickets aren t the same. Consider if you were the only one playing a lottery with 100 combinations. If a ticket costs 1 and the jackpot is 100 one random ticket has an EV of 1. However if you buy 100 random tickets on average you ll only cover about 64 numbers, so your EV per ticket is just .64, whereas if you buy uniformly distributed tickets the EV is constant up to the number of combinations. If you imagine raising the prize to 200 and that two people are playing this lottery and one buys 100 random tickets and the other buys every combination the random player has about a 36 of getting nothing, and will share the jackpot the remainder of the time. Overall the uniform player has an expectation that s almost twice as high as the random player, and makes a pretty strong case for buying every ticket if you re the only one that does it. It falls apart if you have to compete against another uniform player.
I prefer the physical menu to look at but it is a huge convenience to use toast or similar apps to order on your phone and then pay whenever you re ready to leave. No need to wait for the servers for who knows how long in a busy restaurant.
It s a feature, they feel like a part of the web, which is the more important platform, for the majority of people who spend most of their time using web apps.
The reason American workers say they can barely survive on 60k a year is that they pay out of pocket for things German workers can take for granted Comfortable retirement - 401k contributions. Yes America has social security but it s not a ton of money compared to other national pensions and if you re young you worry about it not being around at all by the time you need it. Unemployment - You should probably have 6 months living expenses saved up, if not a year, in case you get laid off. U.S. unemployment benefits are fairly marginal 700 per month cap when I used them in 2002, which you owe tax on , especially compared to Germany France. Life insurance - If you have kids and or a non working spouse you need to make sure they will be OK if you die, since we have such a weak social safety net. Education for your kids - 529 and educational IRA plans allow people to save for our increasingly expensive higher education even before the child is born I-Bonds can be used this way . Cuts to public colleges have been harsh this year so don t think those will save you.Yes many Americans blow their salaries on dumb consumerist crap, and tend to overinvest in things like real estate. But even the prudent ones will be trying to jack up their salaries because there are SO many things you are supposed to save for to be considered a responsible American adult.
Shouldn t it be, Why do I want to hang out with a company? I mean, I understand being tricked by the pretty girl at the bank because speaking of myself, at least , men are stupid and willing to believe in any sexual opportunity, no matter how unlikely it is.But you cant have sex or really be friends with or go to the movies with a company Unless its like an escort or prostitution service . Its kind of like putting the all the letters in gullible in gullible.So why would I want to follow that company on twitter or whatever ?The answer to me is that, well, I don t, unless I have some interest in the company already like they give updates on things that I want to know about through twitter, or use a cool technology I want to know more about .Honestly, a company shouldn t be trying to pretend to want to hang out with me, because it is a company and I don t want to hang out with it. I want it for the goods or services it provides in the unlikely chance that I want those at all .
I have yard stick that I divided into groups of 10 it works pretty well.for example my foot is 25 centiyards.
The very first Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel winner Paul Samuelson 0 makes the argument here 1 when discussing how lighthouse economics works that anything with zero marginal costs that has a price other than free is by definition an economic loss. Therefore you should find other ways to fund lighthouses, and by extension, all media and software.If an economic loss is currently occurring, that means that, if copyright is abolished, an economic gain will accrue. Where that economic gain is captured is therefore the core focus. What we want to occur is for society and the author to share in this increased economic gain, what we don t want is for monopolistic rent-seekers to grab all of this value for themselves.I am not yet sure of this, but I think a land value tax would accomplish this goal. One would then discover some method to find the weight for each artist or piece of software through a market means that might only be an approximation and take from the land value tax revenue and distribute it to artists and other creators. I think a decent way to find this value is through a revenue neutral or slightly negative opt-in sortition process in which, when you go to use an artists work, you are entered into an auction wherein the 50 who bid more than the median value get to use the work at the median price, and the 50 who bid less do not get to use the work, but receive their bid in cash. This is surely not the full system, but it is just me working out how we can move forward from such an unjust system like copyright. 0 - page 359, first paragraph
For future reference, your GP post would have made a lot more sense if you had included that little fact.
Germany has been reaping in lots of money due to it s position in the eurozone. They were by far the strongest producer of goods, and not allowing other countries to compete using low valued currency means they gained an astonishing amount of money.Could it be that the COVID scarcity and recent inflation hit them harder because of that?
This could be the natural next step for one click shopping. Obviously it ll be more difficult without textual or visual capabilities, but things like Add gelato to my shopping cart as apposed to shopping list would be huge for Amazon fresh shoppers and other products that aren t too ambiguous.Another application Alexa, order a Dominoes pizza with extra anchovies.
Elsevier needs to burn. You want an awesome way to get a 10-20 increase in research funds? Cut the fat.
It s tough to assume different product line qualities are related for any major brand IMHO.Would you shun Microsoft keyboards because of the direction they took for Windows 11 ? Do you stay away from iPhones because mac Pros are really not a good deal ? Or trust Sony to make good computers because their headphones are really top notch ?
Like everything else Rand ever did, this was expressed better by other sources. Can we please stop quoting this hack 1 ? 1
Big C codebase. To be more precise, they said it s C , but as far as I could see, it was C compiled with g .Some code read xml data. Instead of choosing one of the xml-parsers available, author decided to write another one. Instead of using C features, atoi used. For empty strings, atoi got NULL and segfaulted. Signal 11 has been handled and suppressed in order to avoid crashes. Certainly, the code had other segmentation faults too, which could not been discovered this way.
Facebook is undoubtably the scummiest company of our generationWell we are comparing them to News Corp and politicians, everything is relative.
That s not really AT T syntax , since the suffixes here are denoting how the MMX XMM register is being split up and not the whole operand size. Those instructions can still be used with either the 64-bit MMX or 128-bit XMM registers paddb mm0, mm1 paddb xmm0, xmm1 If it was really more like AT T style I don t know how GNU really does this, so I m guessing , it would be more like paddqb for MMX and paddob for SSE.
How do you write åäö?
What is up with this specific comment thread being so horribly wide on mobile? Why isn t CSS enforcing a width and wrapping the page?
This doesn t look as good to me as the Light Phone 1 which doesn t text and is way more expensive than the Nokia 106 2 which does text . 1
This looks more like a travel kit than something you d really carry every day. I mean, why carry the heart rate monitor and watch like this? It should be with his running clothes, unless he s always wearing them. He should have those in his EDC kit as well. And all the chargers, you don t need to carry those around every day unless your equipment dies frequently or you aren t going to your own home most nights.
I think it s just that there is so little of Fisher s face visible. I couldn t even tell who that was until I read your full comment.
Therefore the perimeter of the inner box can t be greater than the sum of its projections.What definition of perimeter are you using here?
The reason for staying at home in the US is to prevent overwhelming hospitals and more people dying. It was a drastic measure to make up for a delayed response and unpreparedness.In a given town, X people will contract the virus. Y of those will die of complications. Z of those people will die without hospitalization. So if you keep the rate of people contracting the virus under a rate of Z people, you can avoid EXTRA deaths due to overwhelming the hospitals.Had the response in the US been early and holistic, it s possible we could have avoided national stay at home orders and instead used social distancing to avoid overwhelming the hospitals. But the nation didn t. So to avoid MORE deaths, sty at home orders were issued.Again, to repeat, the reason for staying home is to prevent overwhelming hospitals and more people dying. The same amount of people will die roughly whether we stay at home or not.And it s not just 80 year olds. I ve seen more 30 year olds on ventilators than I ever need to see again.
It says they ran a 21MM loss on almost 300MM in revenue last year. Their growth rate combined with the LTV of their customers is probably very promising.Reminds me a lot of Palantir.
Rust has affine types, and uses them extensively types that own memory, as opposed to borrowing it, are generally affine.In principle you could implement a form of borrow check with linear types I don t think affine is good enough , but the ergonomics would be horrible.
Oh my goodness, the cloth animation is amazing. Watching We Don t Talk about Bruno again and again, watching how the skirts move as they re grabbed, tugged, and swirled. Even Mirabel s sleeve as her father gently pushes her aside to look at the vision, is amazing. Yeah, I m a hetero male, but that isn t the main attraction. At least I don t think so.
SEEKING WORK - Remote onlyI am experienced senior Ruby on Rails developer. with experience in react as well. I am excellent at communication, and have experience of working with clients through out the world.Email skfix outlook.com
There was a very good joke in the satire comedy TV show Die Anstalt recently The reason saving these coal jobs is more important than the solar jobs, is because the former are NOT RENEWABLE.
Exactly, any form of consent requires respecting No as a final answer. After that, consent is opt-in.
The first monetization strategy was a SaaS Weave Cloud providing monitoring and GitOps tools.Then commercial versions of some OSS projects.Probably consultancy was the biggest revenue source overall.
wget?
This sounds like a strong argument for the filter bubble to me Keep those people around but hellban them for individual potential readers or even along the social graph
Saying that some harmful things ought to happen because of the invisible hand of the market, is like saying that things ought to stay down because of the invisible hand of gravity.
If you use the same language to solve a problem as you use to describe the problem and to define success, then your ability to accurately solve the problem will be constrained by the level of precision that is available in the language being used.Given this- natural language programming can hope to achieve reasonable levels of precision in very few languages. English, for example, has over a million words, while French and Italian are both under 100K. That 10x discrepancy in words means that there is necessarily far more imprecision in romance languages than English. Graamatical constructs can add precision and clarity but cannot make up for the inherent gap in vocabulary precision.Someone with more knowledge can comment on the feasibility of precise NLP in non-English, non-romance languages.If, however, acceptance testing is defined through the precision of a low-level programming language, but the problem is defined in a less-precise natural language, there will always be a precision mismatch between the languages used to define the problem. A solution may be implemented that addresses the natural language issue but cannot meet the constraints of the programming language.
That s fair, you re right. I should have been less inflammatory. This story struck a chord in me for... reasons. That s not meant as an excuse, I should have known better to have taken a step back before I said anything, especially something that could escalate tensions. Thank you for killing the comment. I ll be more mindful of it going forward.
I wasn t aware of the compared cases from the article such as Suzanne Vega, The Mother of the MP3 , or Susan Bennett, the namesake for Siri.But I have heard that a 3d model of Thom Yorke Radiohead s head is the de facto standard for 3d printer trials.
Excellent comment, thanks for sharing.You said This has to involve a huge amount of actually talking to customers. If not, its pretty much guaranteed to fail.Do you have any advice for doing that well?
Great post, lisper.
At some point the complexity of the prompts required to generate a program that meets a non-trivial specification become so complex as to be indistinguishable from a programming language.
You won t get the claimed efficiency that way it only applies to an enclosed heat source. It s critical that they re reflecting light outside of the PV bandgap back into the thermal mass, where it s re-absorbed and re-emitted again.If you try that with solar radiation, you ll lose most of it back into the sky. 1 and surrounding discussion, and the energy-flow diagrams in Figure 1 .
lol, she definitely said it that way
What worthwhile insights can arise from someone who can t imagine a hypothetical?
I can confirm anecdotally. Got ANC headphones for the first time. Developed tinnitus out of nowhere. Stopped using ANC. Tinnitus gone.ANC might be a huh cigarettes cause cancer, who knew type thing.
has inspired several do real science as a game games.
The answer is to allow a single unicode text column for names, and don t try to validate it.That s not very hard, and is in fact easier than trying to validate or restrict names. You don t have to learn about all the different cultures etc, just don t assume they are like yours.
But this service wants to fly from LAX which is not really in the suburbs and not always easy to get to.
I own a website www.Photopea.com, visited by 3 million people a month.Once in a while, I enable adblock detector, and do not allow usrers with adblocks use the service. I wish everyone was doing that.When you see someone willing to give you a car or anything else , but they want money in exchange i.e. sell it to you , you understand, that it is wrong to take the car without giving them money i.e. stealing .But when you see someone willing to give you an article, a poem, a song, a funny video, but they want you to watch the ad in exchange, lots of people think it is fine to break their conditions.It is extremely easy to detect ad blockers on the web. I wish website creators stopped tolerating ad blockers. People would finally learn to watch ads, or pay for stuff, and the creators would be able to create much better content.
Whether we should or should not kill, much less harass, other humans is not one of the fundamentals that is agreed upon by many diverse sects of Christianity.Everyone does not deserve death. That is just as absurd as the thing it is trying to rationalise.
I ll also add that you can achieve some of these effects without linear types, but linear types are more flexible. For example, a classic way to work with a file in Haskell is to use the function withFile withFile FilePath - IOMode - Handle - IO r - IO r You pass a function to withFile, and the file handle is valid for the scope of the function. However, this means you can t do the following open file A do stuff open file B do stuff close file A do stuff close file B Because the usage of files A and B don t nest, you can t achieve it with withFile. But you can get the same level of safety using linear types.
vpgatherdd - I think that for newer CPUs it is faster than many loads inserts, but if you are going to fault a lot, then it becomes slow. The VGATHER instructions are implemented as micro-coded flow. Latency is 50 cycles.
Keep in mind that all of this is just my opinion. I m not going to append IMHO to each sentence, as to save the reader the tedium of reading it. I m not saying that I m correct or that people should agree with me.I would go so far as to say that I think overly simplistic static type systems don t have much benefit. C s static typing drives me crazy, as there s almost nothing of use that I can express with it. It s the same with Go I almost never pass an Int when I meant to pass a Bool. In exchange for thoroughly unhelpful type errors I now have to jump through flaming hoops to parse JSON.It ends up being a bit like JavaScript or Python where both languages lack the ability to specify that something is truly private though in JS you can use closures to hide things . You generally just use a naming convention to mark a thing as private, and hopefully people have the decency to respect that. It s like that with types in dynamic languages I can express pretty complex relationships with types and keep the whole thing in my head with out many problems.That said, languages with powerful type systems like Scala and Haskell are thoroughly worth the effort. I can express almost anything with these type systems, usually with a minimum of fuss. They can protect me from the dreaded NPE, and that s a bug I encounter quite often. They can help me write simpler code that deals with complex shapes of data with their support for pattern matching and TCO. This one is more Haskell related, but the guarantee that everything is immutable and lazy makes it possible for the compiler to do some insanely impressive optimizations.Scala, Haskell, and Rust have taken a dyed-in-the-wool lover of dynamic languages and made a convert of me. They finally followed through on the promises of safety and productivity that other languages failed to deliver on.In closing, I ll repeat one last time that all of these are merely the opinions of an insufferable neck beard me . Even if we disagree, I m sure you re a very nice person, and I approve of you using whatever languages and tools make you happy and productive.
I was wondering about the same. I think you just apply to a conference with your research paper following it s standards. Again, it may depend on the conference and the field.But then again, if it s something genuinely new and well done i.e. not a new way how to tweet if your plant is thirsty I doubt anybody would refuse to publish the paper.
...preying on the weakest of our society with miserable wages and horrible work conditions...Is there a long list of better jobs they could be doing that they are choosing not to because the VCs are all hypnotists? is it better for the weakest to sit around doing nothing all day?The VCs look like losers here too, they are making lousy returns on a lot of these ventures. The problem in the story is a weak economy that means people can t get good work, and the constant infusions of cash to people who make bad long term decisions eg, the banks after the 2008 financial crisis .
Guessing the implication being that Google is ultimately not free w respect to your personal data and how it is used.
There s a summary here is the relevant bit for how much emitted CO2 has accumulated in the atmosphere From 1870 to 2014, cumulative carbon emissions totaled about 545 GtC. Emissions were partitioned among the atmosphere approx. 230 GtC or 42 , ocean approx. 155 GtC or 28 and the land approx. 160 GtC or 29 . If you want to double-check against increasing CO2 concentration, the mass of the entire atmosphere is about 5.15e18 kilograms, so one part per million is about 5e12kg or 5 gigatonnes.The preindustrial CO2 concentration was roughly 280ppm. We re now at about 400ppm, so that s 120ppm or about 640 gigatonnes more CO2 in the atmosphere today. Things are a bit confusing here because for some reason emissions are measured in gigatonnes of carbon alone, not CO2, so you need to multiply emissions by 3.67 the mass ratio of CO2 to just C to get CO2. Taking the cited 230 GtC added to the atmosphere and multiplying by 3.67 gets us 873.46 gigatonnes, which is roughly in the same ballpark, considering this is an off the cuff internet comment using random googled sources.
Have you continued the things that have worked? I have never been to Switzerland and know little about its medical care, but I can t imagine there is not someone there that can help you with this given how advanced the society is.
intentionally confusingly written
Indeed yes, but files were hosted for 14 days.
Did they do a character count and submitted that as LOC to justify the high costs?..
Oh, sorry, my comment was out of line then and perhaps reflected my own frustrations as a parent. If you ve managed to teach such small children not to spend all theit time with a tablet without explicit enforced time limits then I raise my hat to you. Children are different though...
IMO, it depends on how long you are planning to stay there. For a year - it might be ok, especially if you are working on your own stuff that isn t in Delphi out of hours. There is nothing wrong with Delphi from a technical point of view, however it s a shrinking area of work. Myself, I have used Delphi since the early 90 s, and just finished a rewrite of a product that was written in Delphi we moved to C as it allowed cross-platform development on PC and Mac for one client, and for the other few Delphi clients I have I ve made it clear I won t do anything else but urgent bug fixes which is fine as the software is reaching EOL for them anyway .TL DR - it s not that Delphi is so bad, but there are so many other environments languages that are thriving these days, why limit yourself?
Well, you can tell if your users start complaining--Gnome 3--or your products aren t successful.Users of Gnome 3 are being very vocal with genuine and some not-so-genuine complaints about how the design process is going and what the final product is like. Since the Gnome guys are now in the cult of design dictatorship, they are always right no matter what--even at the expense of their own users--and their users are wrong to complain. The result will be an ultimately failed product. I would bet money that at some point in the next 2-5 years Ubuntu will fork significant parts, if not the entirety, of Gnome--and when the 500lb gorilla picks up his toys and leaves, the game s over. Yes, a product must have some kind of vision, and at the end of the day someone s got to implement it, regardless of their talent. But humble designers recognize complaints and the needs of their users. Design dictators ignore them, because the dictators are by definition always right. That s a bad attitude to have, because most designers aren t perfect--but the human ego loves having control and loves being right. When people are told that success means being opinionated, it s a very easy thing to agree with, because everyone thinks their own opinions are the best.
Intel turns to orders turns to BOOMs.Ok. Mock trial turns to conviction turns to execution. What is the qualitative difference? We try to control the odds?Failed to see how we fundamentally control the odds better than some king s court. The men blowing things up by remote control aren t executioners. They lack something the executioner has They don t see the people they kill.Well maybe they should see the people they kill. Your comment doesn t belong here. This article is about executioners. The men sitting in those comfy chairs aren t executioners.So far none of your descriptions failed to differentiate them from executioners. What they are then if not executioners?
Depends on mood and problem I m currently solving. For trivial coding I can listen to anything and would probably go for something indie. Currently the trivial music has been Florence The Machine, Dirty Projectors, Crystal Castles and Grizzly Bear .When I m stuck on a hard to solve bug issue I like to go for metal as I tend to get aggressive and that helps me get the aggression out and focus on the task.But for all other causes I prefer classical music or something akin to it and electronica, especially Niccolò Paganini. And Vivaldi, Wagner, Detektivbyrån, Slagsmålsklubben and Mozart.I would love to be able to work in complete silence once in a while, but open office makes that impossible.
DRM-free supported on e-readers with Adobe Digital Editions installed Someone is incorrect here.
Mobile phones
I also find the idea of they have to land at a airport pretty murderous for autonomous vehicles. Like no they do not. They can deliver cargo to autonomous barges, which then deliver the cargo slow and steady and reliable to cargo terminals. No autonomous vehicle ever has to touch land..
Totally agree. I thought Adobe s offer would be just as good until I cancelled early and got bit in the arse. I basically paid more money to cancel than what I would have paid if I left the sub open, and of course I lost access once I did cancel. Total asshole design there.I go back to JetBrains and now I basically have to use their IDE because my company does, and it s not very easy to get the same kind of experience with Java with Vim or Emacs.I m using CLion to help me learn C because it knows C better than I do and on a Mac I m not using Xcode for writing C , only building it . For 10- 20 a month, that is discounted every 12 months, with full ownership of the last version you had... it s great. They seem to handle it a lot better than Sketch as well, who will force you to find the download page for old versions. IntelliJ just seems to give you what your license allows.I d still go back to emacs in a pinch but I m not proficient enough with C or Java and those ecosystems to know how to set my environment up.JetBrains seem to have a pretty fair and solid strategy and it must be doing well enough for them to expand their IDE-base so far.
Well, probably not this level of pampering, but clearly money always helps, and that is allowed pretty much everywhere. And, I m willing to bet, in those places where it s not allowed it s done off the record anyway.My own data point back when I had a job that provided private insurance in Spain, making an appointment for my daughter with a specialist required waiting for weeks. The shortcut? A paid, private appointment, outside this private insurance. The specialist saw her in a matter of days.
So I think you are right about issues existing survivorship bias and limitations concerns when using an index as a proxy. These are usually mentioned in the fine print hidden at the bottom if they are acknowledged at all.The FTSE 100 does not measure returns on stocks as a class. But it does take into account failed companies.The FTSE 100 measures returns of 100 market cap weighted companies. How FTSE 100 handles things like dividends, adding or removing companies, historical data...There are hundreds of pages of explanations, rules, formulas, disclaimers and other methodologies at the bottom on the website a company represented 1 weight of the index somewhere around the 30th largest company might be 1 . If that company suddenly failed and it s stock price dropped to a tiny fraction of a pence or basically zero , then yes the index will drop 1 in value. Company sized 101 will take it s place the next day.Maybe more important the company does not even have to fail for this 1 drop, if the market just thinks the company will fail and no one wants to buy the stock, it will push the price down to zero and the index will drop 1 .Scary thoughts.Stocks are worth what someone wants to buy it for and there is no other definition.The price you see was the last price someone was willing to pay for it.Stock returns are not about companies successes and bankruptcies, though there is a strong connection obviously. What investors think about a company and its stock price is more important and what stock returns measures are showing.Flash crashes happen and financial crises happen but in general companies tend to fail slower than Lehman. So investors will sell at different points as a company s stock price falls. Different indexes will track this. As a stock leaves the FTSE 100 it may enter the FTSE 250. There are indexes with thousands of stocks. And there are 100,000 indexes out there. Pick the one most relevant to you. No index will be perfect. You can always create your own.The big famous indexes are often products services run by companies and they compete. LSEG and Standard Poor s S P 500 for example. These companies selling their index licenses and index data and other related stuff are usually public companies so their stock is in its own indexes. It can get circular weird. For the FTSE 100 look at the London Stock Exchange Group ticker LSE website under products and services- FTSE Russell this helps a bit. Apologies if not clear. I find this stuff can be confusing sometimes and I work in finance and do this all day. Happy to happy more if I can.TL DR Indexes are just proxies but they do capture company failure. How they do it involves looking at the fine print methodology for the index you are using.
The Grumpy Secretary the person made to take notes who isn t senior enough to say no.
If we think of the pragmatic and plausible theoretical model probability space for possible models that graph the change over time of the mean biological biogenesis pattern of homo Sapiens, we will find mathematical utility in using the functions in Branching Theory and Lexographic Fractal Permutation Collation Algorithms... Which essentially modularize and computationally compress the process of evaluating the distinct clustered networks in the lexograph...thus providing the capability to evaluate, compare, and communicate... The logically referenced data in the hypothetical, theoretical, and observational proven possibility space...in a more efficient, albeit, approximate methodology.
The last time my university experimented with automated grading, every student hated it. PerusAll This approach looks much more sane, provided they avoid any false positives slipping into a group.
I don t like to use social networks, but that s what I fall back on when I have a few minutes to spare. I rarely look at my list of articles I ve saved for later who has time for that?Plenty of people. Ever push an article to a reader view service and see how long it takes to read? Most articles posted here on HN or the nyt front page can be read in 3-5 mins. Occasionally you d get a 20 min slog.I used to use social media way more, and by far my biggest wastes of time on the platform were those spare minutes you get a dozen times a day. On the elevator, waiting for the bus, waiting on food, anytime I could sit still the phone went out and my head went down because that s what everyone around me was also doing while waiting on their coffee.Eventually I realized I was just idly scrolling and not retaining anything at all from those 30s-2m sessions on instagram. Just chomping visual popcorn. Now, anytime I have a spare 10 mins, I ll read an article or two from my reading list. Anytime I have less than a spare 10 mins, I ll twiddle my thumbs and keep the phone in the pocket.I used to be much more scatterbrained and had trouble winding down for the evening and getting good rest. Now, I feel like a monk.
Think about all the job security. You ll be set for many years!
Wasn t that GC s point though? The run-on-a-bank analogy only applies if you are holding Tether when it happens. If you are rightfully paranoid about Tether and therefore don t hold any, what is the damage for you?
Does it have a way to handle page content that s less relevant?It already collects some basic interaction data like visit frequency, stay time and scroll . This data could be used to clean the db a bit.Other than that there is definitely room to improve to clean out the terms that are captured but not really add value. Its a difficult task though because every page is so differently structured.What ideas do you have to reduce the number of unhelpful terms? A spontaneous one is to detect the footers of this OutBrain et. all crap and remove them from the HTML before filtering out the words to index.Right now we are focussing on developing a stable service with better UX and that does the current feature set really well. I ll take up your suggestion so we can think about how we can use them in the upcoming overhaul of the search.Thanks for your input!
Liberator implies it was locked down. But notes content has always been easily accessible with AppleScript.
Even if this is true, the very fact that it was even an option that came up in discussion in Cabinet says a lot.Like I explain in my nearby comment, two of the most decorated UK epidemiologists, being also current and former UK chief scientific advisers, recommended that strategy. Boris did listen to science, it just turns out that some of the UK s very top level scientists were really bad, worse than the 5 year old kid your talked about.
Its mind boggling how mich energy is spent in transporting stuff around the world.What s truly mind boggling is just how little energy is used to ship things around the world. Container ships are crazy efficient.
Perhaps viewed differently providing everyone with food, water, power, housing, and medical care takes a lot of unpleasant and coordinated effort and that needs to be paid for somehow.
Nice work, I haven t tried web components but support is better than I expected per caniuse 0 . This weirdly reminded me of a time 12 years ago 1 when I was encouraged to avoid using the term vanilla as it sounds like another framework 0 1
Not that I necessarily agree with the above poster, but this How are you going to improve something you dont understand?Is just nonsense. Evolution understands nothing, yet produced a mind. Closer to us, the early people who produced all the crops that led to the shift to agriculture, and it s later improvements, absolutely did not understand how any of it worked.Evaluation and selection are sufficient to improve things. Understanding is useful, but optional.
I would agree if it weren t super easy to cause a panic in go.Index slice out of bounds? panic. Close a channel twice? Panic. Incorrect type assertion? Panic. Dereference nil pointer? Panic.I would argue that all of these examples which are the most common in my experience are goroutine scoped because the goroutine was aborted before they potentially modified the application state in an unknown way.It s like not in C, or C where out of bounds access has now put the entire application into an unknown state.
Don t overcomplicate it. Xargs and curl is often enough to drive big, ad hoc jobs.
Whoever wrote this travelled in time to observe one of my fraternity s meetings before writing the manual. Points 2, 4, are 5 particularly poignant.
Ok, you re obviously just a hater and aren t worth taking seriously
I feel like we are at the low point or even losing the battle between search engines and SEO spam. Maybe it is time for the Yahoo-style curated directory to return? We seem to be getting a microcosm of this with the awsome- GitHub lists and Gemini with its near-nonexistent search.
I mean on a serious note, yes I personally think it s possible to do. But heavy charging cables have enough copper you re basically leaving a few dollars for every person with a pair of bolt cutters and a shopping cart. Not to mention vandalism or ICEing due to someone wanting to protest electric cars. I m not saying it s impossible just you need to design in making them robust and vandalism, theft and denial-of-service resistant.On a more humorous note my first mental image had a cyberpunk vibe someone walking around the city with an unregulated nuke generator stolen recycled waste or maybe a stolen weapon selling electricity by the watt from a repurposed hot dog cart. Or maybe WattWallahs if it turns into a semi informal business.I believe EVs will come into their own as battery technology improves to the point that charging is no longer a multi hour affair. Whether that s the Bill Gates battery, super capacitors, hot swap battery clubs or some combination thereof remains to be seen.
Do not spam your music here.
By the way, you are wrong about the control you think we have. Yes, we get to send MPs down to Westminster, but that did not do a thing to stop the massive moral and financial tragedies of Afghanistan and Iraq, which the Scottish, right across the political spectrum, where overwhelming against. But again, you can say this for any level People who live near Heathrow have no say over whether or not it gets a third runway. Yes their MP can vote against it but the Heathrow MP will always be out-voted by the rest of the commons . I don t know the real opinion of them or their MP, it s an example .I can t resolve the problem in my mind of it being an arbitrary division of the population. You could find pockets of people overwhelmingly in favour or against some issue all around the country. Is it not democracy because they don t get their way? Of course not.What size does a region have to be to be able to veto policy to satisfy your democracy condition?
Interesting! You could use this to make some Mode 7 -like games.
In an ordinary US government, that s true.But in the current one, who gets on Fox seems to be a more reliable indicator of the thinking of the ruling clique than official pronouncements. Stuff that gets repeated on Fox enough tends to end up coming out of the President s mouth eventually. Official pronouncements from Secretaries of Suchandsuch get countermanded by tweet. One of the President s closest advisors broadcasts on Fox nightly. Blame China is a simple message and it would not be rational to think it is not going to be tweet-official policy soon enough.
I m obviously lacking in imagination here. How would using an ID for styling a clearly one-per-page element lead to problems? I m thinking of things like the main page title, or some sort of primary navigation block. The whole point there is that I want the specific rules for those elements to override the defaults, right?
Indeed - there is an interesting question on Stack Exchange about if a law written and passed in Spanish would be valid - the conclusion based on my own summation of the discussion is that it probably would, but it would cause some problems due to a lack of precedent legal definitions.There hasn t been a federal law passed in anything other than English, but there have been early state laws in Louisiana passed in French
You re right that QE erodes the savings and income of not-rich people - the middle class and the poor.You re wrong in your theory that accumulated wealth does nothing. In a QE world, the very rich don t sit on cash - that would mean losing money through currency decreases.There is no such thing as wasted capital - rich people store their wealth in a variety of vehicles - whether in banks where it is re-lent out for many uses , public stock where it is used for company investment and operations , and private investment, such as investing in pre-IPOD start ups and private equity.Even Apples massive cash hoard is put to good use, somewhere.What there is a shortage of, is productive investments where lots of capital can be deployed to get a healthy return. This is a function of multiple problems, of which uncertainty is one.It s a very cartoonish model to imagine a daddy warbucks with a big pile of cash saying I just don t have time to spend this . In actual fact, there would be a team of investment managers saying we can t find any good places to invest, so we re letting the bank invest it for us, for the time being .The answer to Japan s problems is cutting government spending and debt. This has always been the answer, this will always be the answer, whether you re an individual with 20k in debt or a country with 200b in debt. The key is to realise that there is no magic Keynes multiplier.
Where does it pull the photos from? I m sure there s one of my photos there.
ebook prices are moderated by the same price-demand rules as everything else. Availability of a cheaper hardcopy of the book vs. utility and desirability as an ebook availability of a pirated version vs. the desire to own a legal copy etc.
I m not OP, but I find I ignore such reminders, but don t ignore the paper in front of me.I think the reason is that the phone sends many notifications, and at least on iphone it s hard to make the todo list reminder that much more prominent. Also mentally it feels like just another phone task.Also putting stuff on paper forces sorting. I keep larger lists on digital, but I find for daily paper has a bigger impact.
Most people aren t able to just relearn and adopt. Pivoting, or better, adjusting my career to fit in a more plentyful market has been being the most difficult process I ever experienced in my life - despite enjoying to learn and still being a millennial.
Really dig that the first pass doesn t eliminate those who studied at schools other than Stanford.
Mutt was terminal basedAnd it still is, as many satisfied users will tell you.
No, my GitHub is entirely private save for a couple of 6-8 year old archived school group projects, and the very occasional pull request.I can understand why it may be useful if you are making a big switch in terms of the type of programming you do and can see myself putting together a portfolio in that case. Otherwise its probably worthless.This isn t to say I don t have side projects or experiments I do for fun. They just don t go on GitHub and why should they? It s not particularly more convenient than any other way to host your code. Mostly I use cgit these days since it s very platform portable and lightweight and I can host it internally with just a c compiler , and if they do, there s very little benefit to them being public unless you are doing what I mentioned above about needing to prove yourself .I m not a web developer though, maybe it s more valuable the closer you get to frontend stuff? Just a thought, I don t actually know enough about that to say.
I have spent 10 years in American Immigration system became permanent resident 2 years ago and it goes without saying that the immigration process has been the most frustrating part of my stay here.Here s something funny. In last few years, all the reputed lawyers Murthy, Ron Gotcher and others have setup an online portal where you, as a client, fill in everything online. This includes scanning various documents and uploading them. The online portal provides a great workflow which minimizes data entry and avoids data errors. The same portal allows you to chat with your lawyer paralegal if you have any questions. At the end of this process, the lawyer firm will generate correctly filled in immigration documents which they will print and send it to you. You sign them and send it back so that they can forward it to USCIS! I know it s not practical or possible, but when I was working through this portal, I wished USCIS would just buy this system so that I don t have to pay thousands of dollars to laywers.
Seems like a bigger one would only be more efficient.
KF has a very explicit policy to not interact with subjects of a thread. Discussions about harassing them will get you banned.
The fact that you may not have experienced it doesn t mean that it doesn t exist There is actually a lot of socializing on TikTok, for example in the BookTok community. The format is a little different than on a message board, or IG, but it is there.
How interesting, just yesterday I watched a TED 1 talk about Cuba s ELAM Latin American School of Medicine 2 . Established in 1999 and operated by the Cuban government, ELAM has been described as possibly being the largest medical school in the world by enrollment with approximately 19,550 students from 110 countries reported as enrolled in 2013. 1
I don t know about Erlang, but a lot of J2EE deployments are on Windows servers. It would make some sense even if the goal was to sell Windows servers.
i m not at Microsoft. But, think from prospective that someone could be having life event. Some put years worth of efforts that including physical, mental energy into MS or previous Nokia , planned something and now potential job loss could be trigger to disaster.
Everyone who has any knowledge of machine learning knows that you don t evaluate your model by testing it on parts of its training data. The issue is, the training data for GPT-4 appears to be everything .
I wonder why they left Open AI? Maybe they didn t like Microsoft s influence, or they felt that Open AI wasn t really open, or that it didn t have enough focus on safety?Or they just didn t like their boss that much?
I think a lot of this is based on circular reasoning. No. Actually it s based on information theory, and probably a better model of what interacting with an LLM would look like a year or five later than the one you are operating on.Here s a little hint It has total amnesia. LLMs by their nature scale only so far, and while they may scale larger than ChatGPT, they aren t going to be scaling for an entire lifetime of interaction. That s going to take another AI technology. Ever interacted with someone with advanced dementia but otherwise functioning faculties for any period of time? I suppose they could well make good therapists too.
Deductibles have shot up as well. Long details short, I have a 30,000 deductible when a pre-ACA plan had a 3-digit deductible. I m covered, but the ceiling is unreachably high.Costs have gone way up they ve just re-arranged where the money comes from, and punish you for not putting more money into the system.Ensuring everyone is covered by making it illegal to not be covered is not an acceptable solution.
Wouldn t a better use of resources be to retrain people for new careers?Propping up failed businesses and obsolete jobs because the economy makes no sense to me.
Interesting. Basically a commit to remember a conflict when rebasing. Not entirely my cup of tea as I prefer less noise but helpful for some if conflicts generate lost work too often. I find it annoying when see commits on a PR that says fixing rebase conflicts etc. rebase continue should have inlined those changes to the relevant commit.My simpler suggestion to avoid unnecessary merges is to try to wrap an alias around merge that simple just prompts whether they tried to rebase first. If you need to merge it often smells like a branch has existed too long.
This is the same as the solution from the article, except that - Chris forgot to declare the variable as global - Chris used asyncio.create_task instead of asyncio.ensure_future .
I don t know the specifics, but I agree with the idea of separating Google s search from Android, etc. It s exactly what happened with Microsoft.Google is still the best search engine, and I would still choose it for every device I own, but the choice should be there.
It is outrageous at this point how bad social science research is.Kahneman and Tversky published entirely based on such experiments where grad students participated for a fee.
Now that I switch between Uber and Lyft I notice the prices are lower for the same rides than when I used Iber exclusively. I noticed it by accident when I would use Uber out of habit instead of Lyft.Similar for reserving hotels on travel sites. I started always checking the price on the hotel s own site and it s often cheaper. At first the gaps were huge, but they came down after I became a frequent-abandoner on Kayak
I am saying that when you go from fully in memory due to having a small dataset to having to move things to and from disk, disk increasingly becomes your bottleneck rather than memory. And disk is much slower than memory.
I m in the UK and I buy my phones outright, through my company.I pay about 15 pcm for unlimited data and more of everything else than I can use. I buy a phone when I feel like it, usually about every 18 months to two years. Currently very happy with my P20 Pro. Advantages to me are that I can switch network whenever I feel like it, and I own the phone from day 1.
so the only way to save the world from the seemingly-inevitable doom spectre of climate change is to have not too many cows, but also not too few? we need to get together as an entire global species and determine and strictly maintain some Optimal Bovine Population Threshold?
Thank you.
They ll need a lotta pizza to eat their way out of their current situation.
Assuming each server was 4 cores, that s 4000 processors. So you get their bargain 15 month core pricing versus the base 25 month core pricing.Your monthly bill would be 60k. Presumably you would negotiate some additional discount, but still...ouch.
That is a big statement. Since 2019 there have been 32 fatalities connected to commercial aircraft. Most of those were iv very small aircraft like seaplanes and helicopters. 32 deaths in 4 years compared to 40k year in cars. We need to keep things in perspective.
It can t know that it doesn t know because it straight up doesn t know anything
If the problem is indeed network related, I d fire up Fiddler. You can install a Fiddler SSL cert locally to decrypt your SSL connections, it ll play man in the middle quite effectively and should hopefully give you some more intuition as to whether that s the cause of your problem.Why do you have unit tests hitting outside services? If you have developed service clients that need to be unit tested, you should have mock services for them to run against locally so that your unit tests aren t going down every time there s a remote service failure. They don t need to be full blown services, but they should receive the request and respond with the expected result the service would give when hit by the client.If your clients are generated by the remote service i.e. by WSDL , then you shouldn t theoretically need to test those as they re generated by the third party - so you should be unit testing against mock clients.I d argue that integration tests with real world 3rd party services should be handled by some reporting system on your build pipeline somewhere and your ops team should be investigating that failure, you shouldn t need to be running them locally on your dev machine.
For me, expert wine recommendations are rarely useful. But, crowdsourced reviews have been remarkably consistent. A vintage with a mean score of 4.1 of 5 over, say, 100 reviews is almost always better than a wine with a mean score of 3.4. But, it s still subjective. For instance, I like Zinfandels and Petite Sirahs, so reviews of Pinot Noirs are less useful to me.
I work in this field and I found this article... very difficult to follow. More technical description would be helpful so I can pattern match to my existing knowledge.Are they re-inventing autoencoders?
Actually yes. The EV industry doesn t want hydrogen to succeed, since it is a threat to their business.
This reported issue is with private key serialisation, not with public keys. So any issues would be at server startup time, when loading keys, rather than with connecting clients.
Yes, the figure was 250GFLOP for 4 cores instead of per core, I misread. Still impressive but more reasonable
I d translate move wafers as run test batches. What I understand from that is that he can run more tests on his machines.Honestly, I m not sure anything of that is real. I can t believe other fabs don t run tests 24 7, and I can t believe they have people that rarely meet changing the same machines instead of only running tests without changing anything.
Car sickness tends to happen when you re focusing on the interior of the car. That s what leads to the disconnect between your visual field and your mechanical sense of motion. I expect this is the main reason that drivers are rarely affected -- they re always looking out the window more or less , so their visual sense of motion remains aligned with their other senses.
I think the applicability of ML, at least so far, is quite narrow. That s not to say that there are no applications but rather, that it s not the universal AI tool that it is being portrayed as in the media.ML in practice seems to resemble a complex DSP-like step more than anything. It seems to be mostly used in classical DSP-like domains too text, speech, images, etc. It s a tool to handle complex, high-dimensional multi-media data.Though, models like GPT-3 and CLIP show some promise in being something beyond that. With the caveat of having billions of parameters...
Isn t there some legal action that could have been taken against this? These are not changing requirements - this is sabotage.
Not exactly but I find meditation really painful .I am more of the anxious side of things and being super focused on myself is very stressful. Sure I feel calmer afterwards but the process feels like a cold shower in winter.The only times I found meditation enjoyable is in a group setting. Normally I am quite introverted and prefer to do most activities alone but here it is reversed.
Thanks for leaving a comment, really appreciate it. The idea of creating a comparison between PDFs rendered with different solutions is genius. Definitely gonna add this.Puppeteer would indeed come close in rendering quality. Improvements of using my solution over puppeteer are 1 I tweaked Chrome headless to have the fonts available to ensure that typography renders as it should. Even emojis work!2 you don t need to worry about installing and maintaining puppeteer and Chrome headless into your own infra3 I didn t really make this very clear on my landing page so far, but I ll provide support to clients that have issues getting a certain document to render exactly like they want.4 Not really a benefit yet since I wanted to launch with the MVP but soon I ll offer several options in the API that puppeteer itself doesn t offer such as multi-document PDFs, automated clickable terms of content for longer documents, etc.
Our leadership went all in and even created a special AMP agency. After cutting the losses and the promotion of endless google shills we are left with nothing except defunct code and some junior and mid level devs that are basically useless for the rest of the operation.
What I called ahistorical was the massive omission of how little changed in practice for the former slavesYes, and what I am saying is that it has nothing to do with the central argument that slavery is capitalism or capitalism encourages slavery or slavery flourishes under a capitalist incentive structure there are N iterations of your argument, pick one and commit to it .The fact that, after the abolition of slavery, the former slaves still continued to be exploited doesn t tell us much about the presence of a causal relationship between capitalism and slavery, because of course if the state sanctions slavery, you can t expect things to go back to normal by themselves without some state intervention in the opposite direction.Further, your argument loses teeth for the following reasons 1. We have the counterfactual in the North successful wealth capital accumulation no slavery that refute your central argument that you are yet to address. The North s capitalist economy grew more than the South even while having abolished slavery.2. The fact that in the modern world, among the top 30 most capitalist countries in the world only one has some form of slavery, the UAE. This refutes your central argument, and you are yet to address it.3. The fact that in the modern world, the bottom 3 least capitalist countries in the world same list , there are forced labor camps North Korea or decrees Venezuela, Cuba . This doesn t directly refute your central argument, rather it shows that capitalism isn t a strict prerequisite for slavery. You are yet to address this.4. The fact that agriculture became more profitable after the abolition of slavery is a direct refutation to your central argument that you are yet to address. Your entire reply are still ignoring that I m not talking about what the best and most profitable production method turned out to be. You re applying the benefit of hindsight to prove that the former method was in-fact outside of the incentive structure of capitalism. That makes no sense. They are obviously not mutually-exclusive.This is borderline word salad, but we are applying the benefit of hindsight to prove that slavery and capitalism are two orthogonal systems that are unrelated. Slavery has existed in socialist systems gulags, labor camps as well as capitalist systems international slave trade . If using historical facts to make a point is considered using the benefit of hindsight , then using the benefit of hindsight is a valid strategy... There s a lot of correlation is not necessarily causation points to explain in your argument too, but I don t want to be further ensnared in a what was the most profitable discussion since it s beyond the point. You can t cherry-pick the best outcome and dismiss all the other ones.You need to specify where the cherry picking is happening, because by and large the trend is universal. You also can t just hand-wave a correlation causation argument just because you re unable to refute it.
Reddit definitely suffers from the free speech and social acceptableness clash. That s in part because the site was founded specifically on the assumption that it would allow freedom of speech, without realising that true freedom of speech is basically anything goes if it s legal, social norms and rules be damned .It s why they re struggling with communities like The Donald and had a lot of previous issues with the likes of Fat People Hate. Because they realised that their original philosophy doesn t really scale well and puts off more moderate users, yet also realise a large portion of their audience joined on the promise of freedom of speech and go ballistic if things get censored.
Sure, but something you don t like someone else might like. Thus making everyone beautiful.
I really shouldn t ask leading questions, because they are technically equivalent to blaming statements.What I meant was that it does NOT matter whether it s a UX bug or an intentional pattern. The effects can be the same. If a company doesn t have a lot of money to produce a good UX because they spent it all on trips up to Tahoe for a workcation , and people rely on that software, it s the same damn thing no matter how you look at it.i.e. a lack of intent is just as bad as ill intent, in some cases.
I m pretty happy with the walled garden approach and the stores on iOSThe walled garden can stay, but users should have a simple way to opt-out. Like for example SIP on macOS which you can temporarily turn off with a terminal command, if you accept the risks of degraded security.Apple or Google any company should not have the power to dictate which software we may use. Like for example any banking app that wants to use NFC for wireless payments being rejected. It has taken way too long for the EU to step in and forbid this in my opinion.
This reminds me of the latest Who s Hiring post, where the top commenter was complaining that he d never heard of Etsy, and they should really explain who they are in their job posting.Clearly, anyone reading this article is expected to know Etsy as well, so I wasn t off in my thinking that he picked a pretty poor example to make his point.
Good to know. I thought it would be like this but didn t want to assume.
Yes, was about to say the same, then saw your comment.IIRC, Peldi, Balsamiq founder, had blogged about it at the time. I like it too. Also reminds me vaguely of the Comic Sans font, which was the rage even earlier.
There are a couple other Satoshi impersonating scammers. None of them are anywhere near as capable at Craig at it, partially because Craig landed such a large source of funding. So if you ve got a few tens of millions you d like to blow there are some scammers you could throw it at that would probably provide the entertainment that you re looking for.
The math is obvious. If it s 6K vs nothing, I agree with you, but that s not what we re discussing. It s 6K vs minimum 5K year. Asking people to ride a bike shouldn t be treated like a craigslist purchase. Car replacements are serious pieces of machinery.
Personally I m a fan of using relative paths for anything in the same directory or a sub-directory of the current file and absolute paths for everything else.I feel like it keeps things clean while also providing a way to distinguish between closely related modules and imports from further away in your application.
Heist Huh?Disagree with the use of that term.If anything copyright is the heist. Disney subsists on back breaking labor of others while it wags around papers saying it owns things that make it rich enough to avoid real work.
What I wouldn t give for a Bloomie.
That s true. My comment was made in jest at both being questionable Windows mods. The privacy tweaks changing GPO policies to disable telemetry have some merit, but IME performance tweaking Windows is in placebo territory. I went through that phase in my teen years when trying to squeeze more performance out of a Athlon 64 box so that I could play Team Fortress 2 at a reasonable frame rate...
While I agree with the sentiment, on the flipside, this is a completely custom prototype for only a little over a week of machine time and a few hours of hand finishing. It would be absurd to try and manufacture that case at volume using 3d printing that slow but this is stuff that could be easily injection molded once the design is finished. Trying to come up with that same product as a one off prototype without 3D printing would make the costs for this case seem downright cheap.Just look at all of the custom parts that went into this. printed drive rails and hinges is honestly a pretty bad idea even for a prototype, and it basically doubled the time it took him to assemble it. I d say it s a pretty big leap forward that some average Joe can print out a custom case like this and have it come out looking fairly professional.
Does tolerance mean no Republicans Libertarians allowed in any of our social work circles? Is that where we re going as Democrats? If so I will be putting the Kool Aid down and jumping off the wagon at the next stop.
Air density on the ground. Air is a lot soupier close to the surface in the troposphere vs way up high in the stratosphere.
I don t think you get to write off work expenses as a W2 ie, hourly or salaried employee in the US. pretty sure only independent contractors get to do this. otherwise, everyone would be doing this for commuting expenses.
I ve been following the project since the early years.It s a shame that folks look only at surface level.Dirvine s name is going to ring throughout history for his honesty, integrity, and brilliance.The MAIDsafe project is the most well developed, well managed in the entire space. I personally don t even look at it as a cryptocurrency, but instead as a project in and of itself.I ve been following MAIDsafe for years I ve never seen anyone in the team ever try to hype or crash anything at the project.They all talk to each other with love and courtesy. Truely an amazing project with amazing people check out their forums. It s where I lurked for years now.
looks good enough for your MVP is not bothering with a logo and just getting the damn thing out there in front of people. Seriously, at this stage the logo is wholly unimportant - smashing down every barrier to feedback is critical.Just move forward without a logo and stop wasting time.
This seems like a pretty helpful educational tool you could sprinkle it in a project s documentation to help clarify the exact formulas being used.I could also imagine people using this if they aren t that comfortable with LaTeX and want an easier way to write it. They could just write out their formulas with Python, call handcalc to get the string output, then post it in their tex documents.
Given the decay of time and the risk of turning it on, the team is using custom-built LED triangles that sit atop each hand-blown glass prism to light it up.I think they ve inadvertently created an interesting new dimension to the artwork here. Software developers especially should be able to appreciate the feeling of being unable to properly reengineer a flawed system due to expense or expedience, and just slapping another layer on top instead. Sort of like a celebration of path dependence. I d like to see more examples of long-form artworks that gradually evolve through different artists and eras.
I remember reading awhile back about a study that showed people with the flu are generally more social while the virus is spreading. There s also those nasty sugar cravings that seem to pop up when people diet, and it may be that the microbiome drives those cravings. It s a curious thing to think that the bugs in our bodies may drive our impulses.
For me, the biggest benefit of the university structure was 1 teaching me things I didn t even know existed and 2 teaching me things I didn t think we re important but turned out to be . 1 might be solvable with an online curriculum, but 2 requires an evaluation or end-game credential to force me to do it.Other than that, as you mentioned an even bigger benefit was social, the shared experiences with others, and the cross pollination of ideas from these other people
You know what, I literally couldn t give a fuck.I have multiple hosted web storage, google storage, paid-for dropbox etc accounts, as well as reddit and imgur accounts - and the one I use to share stupid images is this one.This was posted here a couple of years back, I liked the pitch, i paid for it.I also enjoy avocado liberally smashed on shit.
mismax, I hear ya and getting similar feedback from many others as well. I will def build in int l support asap!
Between Elixir and Erlang, there s no difference because it s all BEAM bytecode when it runs.Between arbitrary individual functions you might encounter, there can be differences, but only in the sense that it could happen between Erlang and Erlang if the functions had different implementations or degrees of optimization or optimization choices.Worth noting for prospective adopters is that you can seamlessly call Erlang functions from Elixir by adding a prefix, such as random.uniform , and there s no weird overhead or surprises involved.
It may be simpler than that. Even if Snowden has walked away from this service, the publicity may have attracted a lot of people the authorities find interesting, including legitimate whatever that means persons of interest.
it misses practically all of what makes Slack so popular - UXI strongly disagree. Slack has nearly the same UX as every chat platform of the past 2-3 decades. It s a slightly change over AOL Instant Messenger. There s also a large amount of very similar software or straight-up slack clones that are not very popular at all.I would say what makes Slack so popular is how easy it is to set up and get running, both as a service and for every user, combined with the availability of easy integrations plugins.
I am glad I put most of my investments and cash into btc under 1000. I can peacefully go about my life with a currency which gains purchasing power.There is still plenty of time to opt out of government fiat money. Get off zero or HFSP.
the active tab looks a bit odd, just a floating box. Also the tabs header bar tabs address bookmarks takes more pixels than other browsers.
Nice job! I had no idea anything like this was even possible.
i was thinking, if this ends up being long term, better make full spacesuits for everyone
Let s say I want to go to the end of a word. I can press L some number of times until the cursor goes to the end of the word, or I can press E once. If I just use vim, how will I discover that? Contrived example of course Another super simple example is replacing a word. Let s say I know how to delete, how to word, and how to enter insert mode. Putting that together I get dwi - except using cw achieves the same thing.
Joining a fraternity was one of the best decisions I ve ever made. It is a million times more easy to become involved on campus activities when you have a large social network via the Fraternity.I ve got 100 friends for life, 20 of which I see frequently at various events like Homecoming or football games.Stay with it until you get a better feeling for how well you mesh with everyone else and decide then - just make sure that you give it your all and try to hang out with them as much as possible.Good Luck.
Yep, the binaries are all arm64e.
Jeez, how many words does it take to say pop psychologists are like pop musicians - they are made important by how they make their audience feel. The only thing to take seriously is how people are responding to the manipulation. Any attempt to engage with the material as if its constitution results in the reception is an effort in futility. Just hit me, baby, one more time.
Got it. Yes indeed. That makes total sense and I agree.Also at some point in prehistory the rock formation that is now the strait of Gibraltar fractured and the Atlantic ocean rushed in and drowned the entire basin of the Mediterranean, 1 so that type of cataclysm has actually occurred, although before human experience 1.
Bezos doesn t know how to build good hardware. Plenty of examples from Amazon. Then add Blue Origin to that track record.
I have an experience like this. I don t want to go into depth about it right now, except to draw some connection to this finding. Firstly, just to establish a basic understanding, there were parts of the experience that were more intense than a cumulative lifetime of physical and emotional sensation. One part of it came full circle in my life afterward when I felt the memory being triggered again by the screaming of my son ex-utero. Birth to life, the comfort of nothingness and the terror of consciousness. I can t shake the feeling that something was eerily similar between what I was observing and what I had felt viscerally without understanding, as if that part of my near-death experience was recall of something deeply hidden, my own very first memory, imprinted at a level of neurotransmitter activity far above ordinary consciousness, finally unleashed.From a technical standpoint, I have never any moderately powerful drug other than general anaesthesia, but, based on what I hear, I wonder how this scan compares to active DMT use.
What a wonderful name for a programming book.
Hi I am from Brazil, and I think most of Startup Entrepreneurs are not prepared for business, I know the practice and experience is great, but they need some methodology, best practices, fundamentals of business, case samples and advices also.Books like Business Model Generation , by Alexander Osterwalder Yves Pigneur, The Startup Owner s Manual , by Steve Blank and Bob Dorf could be very useful.Here in Brazil we have the recented lauched book in portuguese called Empreendedorismo Inovador Como Criar Startups de Tecnologia no Brasil , 25 authors, Editora Évora.Att. neigrando
All possible because of the work of countless unpaid moderators.
You can t put arbitrary data in a transaction, at least not very easily. The bitcoin devs are pretty clear that the bitcoin network and blockchain should not be used for messaging or store non transaction related data.What actually is happening here, is that miners have the opportunity to put a small amount of arbitrary data in a block when they mine. Ideally this is should be random data, its purpose is to change the data being hashed so you get a different hash each time you try.In my view the author of bitcoin set a bad precedent by including a newspaper headline referring to bank bailouts in the very first block. However I can t begrudge him for that too much. Since 2009, people have included prayers and accusations of illegal activity trolling in blocks.Assuming increased bitcoin adoption, I see mining getting more and more centralized, already I don t think any of the major mining pools would be silly enough to include CP or other illegal content. It would take many blocks to store a non trivial sized image in the blockchain, and if they put a link in instead then of course the host could be taken down.
Autopilot is still used today by first party Microsoft teams. Even some azure teams are using AP now.
Really happy to see this. Testing with Titan at the moment and very happy with it so far.
When I was younger the most popular music was pop. I loved rock music. Then, rock music was the new hot shit, and people started writing walls of text to justify it. Now nobody cares about rock music, most people around me love techno music.The moral of the story is, what ever cool now changes fast, and it shouldn t matter. Do what you love and don t preach because not like any genre of music, crusades are not cool for like 1000 years now.
Obviously the numbers are moving in the wrong direction, but it wasnt as bad as I thought it would be. I wonder what those numbers will look like after the great wealth transfer inheritance from boomers .
I m thinking more about their recent recalls and stoppage.
Steve Morse s Cruise Missile track is also a great track
What if improving their bottomline can have positive effect on my experience? What if Apple intentionally pursues such paths, and disregards paths that improve their bottom line without improving user experience?Or is blind hate just that much popular?
The Flexport CEO may know more, but the Flexport CEO also has an agenda of being profitable for the Flexport CEO.This may, or may not, align with being solutions and advice that benefits the public at large. In fact, it is becoming increasingly clear that things are currently optimized strongly enough that squeezing more profit out of the system generally corresponds to finding a sucker to take advantage of--normally the public at large.Startups and their leaders have a move fast and break things attitude that is no big deal when imaginary things like software is involved that becomes a big deal when non-imaginary things like people become impacted.Stacking 6-high triples storage space, sure. But it doesn t stop container ships from running back to Asia empty.So, that storage space will fill up quickly, and we re back where we started only now we have dangerously stacked high center-of-mass because empty containers this is an active seismic zone, you know that nobody wants to pay to get rid of until somebody dies and their insurance rates shoot up enough to make it necessary to dump the containers.At which point, the shipping companies will magically make the shipping containers go away--probably illegally to somewhere you don t want them to go to.
It feels like- First write the needed change- Now assert that we just wrote the needed change
That s on par with public school tuition in my experience.
Thankfully I don t think the Chinese think they are able to institute broad sanctions on America.Classic tools that they may actually consider include Dumping US treasuries. Making life for American companies difficult through regulations and inspections. Limiting rare earth exports.All of these have a cost on them as well just like how most American tools on China have a cost on America , so they are careful to implement them.
I encountered most of the issues described so I set out to solve this problem. I did the horrible bad thing I rewrote my projects from scratch. It took me about a year, pretty much all of 2018. I could afford to do this because I was separated from both work and family by military education and a military deployment immediately following.Now I have software that is stupid fast to extend and maintain. My software now executes faster than comparable applications coming out of Facebook with more options and at a very tiny size after accounting for dependcies. Now I finally have time to watch all the shows I have missed and play games since my software has fewer defects compared to similar applications and is faster to patch.I did get tired of the asshole factor though and even deleted my Reddit account as a result. Now it s harder to promote my software online but deleting my reddit account again opened up more personal time.
SAT is Math and English only, ACT includes Science.I took both in the early 1990s, 1430 SAT and 32 on the ACT, didn t study for either with exam prep.For high school coursework I had AP Biology, Chemistry, Physics, and Calculus so from a content perspective I took all the courses you d need to know things for both tests.My understanding on the 32 36 and 1430 1600 is those are equivalent scores for the exams. I m just one anecdotal data point so take it for what it s worth.P.S. Studying for SAT felt like it would have had a bigger impact on my personal score. The analogy vocabulary section I did very poorly on 480 800 . In my day they showed you your English score in two sections, vocab and reading comprehension which I scored 800 800 . Those 2 combined 2 math gave you your total.
I honestly don t understand what Sundar is talking about as everyone I know at google is covered in work and struggling to get through enormous amounts of red tape, but change would be a lot easier if leadership decided to, you know, lead for a change.
I mean, Porter-Duff only specifies coverage, and the blending modes affect the actual colors. Porter-Duff is more like the mask tool than it is the blend mode.
In fact, in year 2015 Emacs and Vim have the best real time, intelligent analysis out there for those that know how to use them and are trained on them.I develop Cursive, an IDE based on IntelliJ for Clojure code. Its completion and navigation are categorically better than Emacs s, even for a language that supposedly has one of the best levels of support under Emacs.To say that Emacs is automatically better than everything else is pure Stockholm syndrome.
The author seems to consistently confuse architecture, languages and frameworks. None of his arguments have anything to do with Rails, Ruby, PHP or whatever else he mentions, except partly Javascript.This seems to be a recurring pattern with developers who have discovered design and architecture through frameworks and can not seem to separate that from the tools used.
nah, think of yourself as a false negative . Their loss.
A professional working at 50 of his capacity will often trump a junior working at 50 of his capacity.Edit I Don t know why I can t reply to the replies of this post.What I meant to infer is that the parent to my post may have seen professionals perform better than he would have expected them given their pay.What I tried to reply is that this level of performance may still be the professional working at only 50 of capacity.I was assuming that the amount the professional was being paid was relative to what that company would be paying everyone else. Which would lead me to conclude everyone was probably working at 50 .Maybe that was a bit of a stretch on my behalf though
I m not objecting to the article. I m asking what the original comment was objecting to.We all know, before that comment, Amazon wants you to vote no. The OP was adding to that, in criticism of Amazon, by saying there are detailed six page instructions on how to vote the way they want. But that doesn t tell me what s to be outraged about -- as the first response noted, that is exactly what every other campaign does.If the OP wasn t claiming Amazon was outrageous beyond the mere fact of asking for no, then why even bring up a six page instruction set?
I guess just like Germany, poor people also collect the bottles for the 0.05?There was a program where a city gave people money in exchange for cigarette butts. Obviously the poor people collected the butts.
I agree that we the people have the tendency to look with rose-tinted glasses at the past.However, saying that things are just fine today is not strictly true. You are mostly correct but there s a lot of room for improvement and some ceilings are starting to get hit people regularly complain that Docker pre-allocates 64GB on their 128GB SSD MacBooks, or that Slack just kills their MacBook Air they only use for messaging during travels . And still nobody seems to care and then people like you come along and say don t complain, things were actually much worse before ....Well, duh? Of course they were.But things aren t that much roses and sunshine as you seem to make them look. Not everybody has ultrabooks or professional workstations. I know like 50 programmers that are quite happy to use MacBook Pros from 2013 to 2015. Those machines are still very adequate today yet it s no fun when Slack and Docker together can take away a very solid chunk of their resources -- for reasons not very well defined Docker for example could have just preallocated 16GB or even 8GB make the damn files grow with time, damn it! .---TL DR -- Sure, things weren t that good in the past, yeah. But the situation today is quite far from perfect... and you seem to imply things are fine, which I disagree with. BTW thanks for the nostalgia trip mentioning Legacy of Kain! They ll remain my most favourite games until my death.
With the exponential lowering of the costs of wind power, solar and storage that band should increase every year right?South Australia sits at 25 to 37 degrees south. The longest HVDC line in China is 3300 km, that is 30 degrees.Based on existing HVDC lines and South Australian circumstances we can say that we should reliably be able to supply somewhere up to 55 to 67 degrees from the equator, in general. Do you know what is at 66 degrees north? The arctic circle. That is how far north we end up.This is not even considering that closer to the poles the wind resources are much better, especially in winter time.The 4 million people living north of the Arctic circle might have a harder time. But it would seem that it is a trivially easy to solve edge case when the rest of the world has a solution. of course discounts any geopolitical concerns, which makes it harder. But on a US or EU continental scale we easily have the technology today.
I also enjoyed this book on the topic
they will sell more Apple Music subscriptions if macs keep running macOS.The type of person who buys an Apple Silicon Mac to run Linux is not going to buy an Apple Silicon Mac to run macOS. However... They won t sell more macs if macs can run Linux better.They would sell some more Macs. Possibly hundreds of thousands more. A drop in the bucket for Apple, but still money and all they have to do to get it is answer some questions.
While not a blockbuster and usually not considered part of Disney canon, Winnie the Pooh released in 2011 well after the Princess and the Frog.
This is a joke right?
This appears to be aiming at mobile, so maybe a split screen wouldn t work, but I d at least argue that directories should be at the top.There are cases where a file is associated with directory, e.g. you export a web page and its contents are saved within a dedicated directory, and some languages will allow module.foo and module submodules.But those are odd cases and the insight that the file managers had was that folder navigation and file manipulation are two separate things. If you need to move a file, you always want to move it to another folder. All the files just get in the way. If you want to find a file, it s in a folder, it s not between two files.Putting everything together is plainly nuts.
It s hit or miss. Some laptops work flawlessly, others do not. And then there s the gamut of features that not many people use, but maybe it s critical to your use case like a mixed multi-monitor setup .
The watching app sounds very cool. You should add a link to a demo or some other way to learn more about how it works.I have to say, though, that you lost me with your last paragraph. First, it has many grammatical issues, including a run-on second sentence and an impressive butchering of the spelling of businesses as buiessnesses. Second, it s ridiculous to claim that you could very soon be automating hundreds of billions of dollars in transactions. It s good to be ambitious, but you do have to be at least somewhat realistic. Third, you don t need to tout the merits of automation especially in the overly casual way that you do . Instead, you could conclude with something that makes us believe that your company is the one to do it.
Depends what do you use smartfone for. Most people use it for facebook and mindless browsing. You can do that less comfortably on cheaper phone.
There are more Java jobs than PHP jobs and Java jobs usually pay better than PHP jobs.
One of the best essays of my youth. Launched a decade long quest to understand and use lisp. The most surprising thing is there people still dismiss it. Irony of ironies is that the dismissal comes on a site powered by lisp. Indeed, HN wouldn t have been possible without it.I went back and read it again, and unsurprisingly pg addressed this point too But I don t expect to convince anyone over 25 to go out and learn Lisp. The purpose of this article is not to change anyone s mind, but to reassure people already interested in using Lisp-- people who know that Lisp is a powerful language, but worry because it isn t widely used. In a competitive situation, that s an advantage. Lisp s power is multiplied by the fact that your competitors don t get it.Every time you feel like discounting Lisp, just remember The world wouldn t have Hacker News.
So why is there no traditional vaccine? I trust Sinovac. It s inactive virus vaccine, and they ship raw materials 1 to other countries and say build it yourself at manufacturers that have no connection to the Chinese government.Bill Gates on the other hand says these vaccines are too complex and that safety and security issues 2 make it impossible for anyone else to produce these vaccines.The media keep saying even mRNA vaccines that are new don t enter the nucleus or alter DNA. Guess which could do that? The viral vector vaccines that have custom DNA run in the nucleus, which then produces the mRNA. This MedCram video 3 explains it better than me. Everything around the messaging for vaccines in mainstream media is so misleading if you look at the science. I don t know how someone couldn t be at least a little suspicious.I have longcovid btw, I m not getting the shot. People repeat BS to me like the vaccines will cure longcovid. They offer no proof whatsoever, no plausible method of action, and go off the media narrative how it could help some people. I m on longcovid forums, I trust the anecdotal experiences there than anything in the media. 1 2 3
The crazy part about this is that doing something like that is within reach of a number of wealthy individuals. All it takes is one delusional billionaire to throw caution, and a metric buttload of aerosols to the wind and we will find out whether it was a good idea or not.
The problem with that idea is moral hazard. It s better for people to be incented financially to drive safely.
But if it takes only one image, isn t it likely to hallucinate information?
I m going to vote for no on that at least for me, running takes a lot of focus, to the point where ditching the iPod helped me become a stronger runner. I had always run with music before, but I found that if I focused on the run itself, I could push myself harder.Weightlifting and climbing work the same way, in my experience, and I can t imagine that my limited martial arts training would have been any better if I had something else to focus on other than not getting punched in the face.Our society is obsessed with trying to do everything at once, rather than giving full focus to each activity in turn. Personally, I d rather that technology reduce the busy work, so that we can focus more directly on each activity, rather than trying to amalgamate them together all the time.
Well for starters, no scp command at the beginning and end of each job. I m sure you could work out an alternative solution, this is just one such solution.
Be nice to people. Accept other people point of view, but don t be a pushover as well, try to form your own ideas and ways of coding. Be proactive - if you don t have nothing to do, look at existing codebase and try to derive why it is the way it is and what can be done to make it better.
That s false. Because Mars has no magnetic field, and because its atmospheric pressure is only 0.06 that of Earth, the radiation level at the surface is occasionally life-threatening. In the event of a solar storm, human astronauts would have to take shelter underground. And the cumulative radiation levels in normal circumstances pose a danger over time, even in the absence of a solar storm
This Python def a return False returns None.
I missed the news for when there was a house building boom. Oh, there wasn t? Then the law of supply and demand will keep housing prices high. People don t like being homeless and now the Boomer s children are having children and demanding more housing.
Interestingly, microupdates for latest Intel processors are also only a few KB, although they might only be differences from the full microcode.
law enforcementAnd where do those laws come from?I m not pretending the issues with politics and politicians do not exist, or that they are not enormous. However, a statement like they have no good days says more about one s own unwillingness to be politically active than anything else in my opinion.
is that our schools are turning out people by the million with severely crippled critical thinking skills.I sort of agree with your overall point but to this point, I do agree, in some sense, but is it really the schools, per se, that are turning out those people. It s not as if there was a point in time that we know where the public had better critical thinking skills.
Isn t it normally the case that you need a license to use software products made by other people?Like, if I ran Windows on a server and Microsoft revoked my license. Surely that s tested in a court at some point?
sometimes breaks when the callback code isn t what the promisify function expectedUse q.when in your code if you aren t sure you re getting a promise.
Could you elaborate some points that motivated you to switch from go? What would be next?
The whole point of it is that there are consequences if you breach it, otherwise it is almost entirely pointless.
Check out ROckPro64, I just set mine up. Running plex with an internal HDD on a PCIex4, 6 core processor and 4gb ram. Using Dietpi, I am interested in checking out the Pi 4 as well, but looks like it might be a few months until its available
I m a little surprised that no one has suggested joining the military.When I was in high school, my parents had no money for me for College. We were middle class, and my grades weren t competitive enough for me to get a scholarship.So I did what I thought would work well in 2002 - I joined the USAF as an enlisted Computer Programmer . Fortunately, _did_ have a good education, so my ASVAB military job test to determine what jobs you could be score was relatively high. Joining as a computer programmer opened up the world to me like I couldn t imagine.Ultimately, I ended up taking night and weekend classes while in the USAF and finished my bachelor s degree shortly before getting out. Later I would go on to get my Master s with my GI Bill because I didn t want it to go to waste.I felt honored to serve my country and to contribute how I could and I graduated both undergrad and grad school with zero dollars of debt.I think more people should consider this option, at least if they have a decent education and good military jobs open to them. Understandably, if someone joins as say, infantry, in the Army, it may not be so easy to go to school though I have plenty of friends who did and took online classes! It s not for everyone, but it s definitely an option.
again, just because there s speculators on a secondary market buying and selling doesn t mean it s a security. a commodity future option is by default NOT the commodity. In the case of a token you own the commodity and you have the right to use or sell to someone else like a carton of milk.The only difference here it took no cost to create the commodity which is why there exists a market to resell at unbelievable margins.
The snark is a bit unwarranted in my opinion because it isn t entirely that cut and dry. The pads provide the illusion of safety - the hits honestly don t feel, or look, as bad. Well now we re starting to find out that the pads don t protect against this sort of long term damage, they only protect against visceral short term damage. It wasn t unreasonable to think that a contact sport like football could be played safely with pads because that s what appeared to be the case - on the outside.
In the alternate universe where Apple bought Be, Apple is dead because most programmers aren t smart enough to write GUI apps for Be s asynchronous model. They find it bad enough in Javascript s callback hell world- But doing that asynchronous Node.JS style stuff in C is a non-starter.In the alternate universe where Apple bought Be, nobody can take advantage of most of the existing C libraries, because they were written expecting to be used in a synchronous programming model.I don t think this would have worked. As cool as Be is, and as much as, fundamentally, it is a better operating system in most ways than NeXT. Be does things The Right Way . But sadly, Worse is Better. You have to optimise for the programmers you have. not the ones you wish you had. Be was ahead of its time, and it s still ahead of its time.
I got your point.Lets say you develop a hobby for making furniture. You start developing Tables. You read a DIY book and start making stuff. In the meanwhile, you make mistakes, you don t put as many nails where there are necessary. You put more gum than what is necessary. Your finished product is definitely a table, but you ve made is so badly it could hardly last for a couple of years.A carpenter down the street comes down to you shop and gives a detailed critique of what he thinks is wrong with your table.Now you both go and try to sell your story, You have a table and he just has a critique. The user comes and sees your table and listens to his critique. He decides something that exists is better that just talk. Remember the user is seeing the table only, he didn t see you making it. He decides to go with your table despite the carpenters critique.He orders 50 more tables from you to be made based on what you showed it to him.Now the professional carpenter can argue about how bad and how many technical deficiencies exist in your tables. But you know what, the user won t even understand that language.Because, Shipping is a feature. And the one s who ship almost always win. Sometimes even if they ship crap. That is what is happening here.
Probably better phrased as You charge what people are willing to pay, not how much you think your product is worth.
Managed resource lifetime
I work in Amsterdam and live in the Amsterdam area, so Amsterdam or Utrecht would be no problem for me.However, for me personally, I m fully booked every weekend the coming months. But don t let that stop you - Edit I d be up for a short talk about a personal work Javascript jQuery project I ve been working on. Very not exciting, just very practical for our organization.
It might happen with n of 1 family...
My local library, seems to be planning to do this the linked document I requested information regarding Flock security cameras from the company and spoke with their local sales rep, who provided the proposal in the packet for Board discussion. My understanding is that the library would essentially be subscribing to the data, and Flock would own and install the equipment, which would capture make, model, color and license plate data on all vehicles entering or exiting the library parking lots. This data would then be shared in real time with any law enforcement connected to the Flock network.
I think the interoperability issues mostly happen on the client end with XMPP. The popular open source servers support most anything that anyone would want. The problems are with stuff like video and audio chat ... and interoperable end to end encryption for clients that still don t support OMEMO. So you could work on a set of client capabilities for voice video chat. Such a minimum requirements list would help with all voice video, not just XMPP.A relevant grid of XMPP client capabilities
I search for topic forum or topic community and there will typically be something in the first 10 results. There is a little trial and error involved, I check which one of the forums has been around for a while 10 years works best for me and still has regular activity message volume last posted messages Sometimes it ends up being a discord chat as this is very popular. Not ideal as I don t love the discord walled garden but still better than Reddit. And if when they pull a Reddit in the future, well, I ll cross that bridge when I get to it.I should add that in getting much better results for these queries since switching to kagi. Ddg and startpage had more spam SEO generated junk in the top results. It was more effort to find these communities on those but not impossible either.
Nothing is problematic about that. But as a society there is also nothing problematic about raising taxes to 90 on billionaires and giant corporations for their capital gains etc.I am saying that the ones who generate revenue money going one way are not automatically the best to fund social programs money going the other way .
SEEKING WORK, remote only.Web Developer with 8 years experience implementing all parts of the web stack using Javascript, Python and or PHP.Delivered standard compliant and responsive websites from the ground up as a contractor.Mentored electrical engineers on Python for their embedded projects.Looking to transition to a full stack role with focus on backend engineering using Python.Notable Technologies used HTML5, Javascript, PHP, CSS3, Python, SASS, React, Redux, Django, Bootstrap, jQuery, KnockoutJS, Codeigniter, ExpressionEngine, Laravel
Thanks.
The basic algorithm of A is very sequential, isn t it? It works by taking the best scoring unexpanded node and expand that. Most of the time, there s only one such node. When expansion has finished, you need to re-sort the queue heap of unexpanded nodes. All those steps are sequential. So I guess the only gain is when the node expansion can be done in parallel expanding the top-N nodes probably is counterproductive for many problems. How much you gain then depends on the time expansion takes. The advantage of parallelism then depends on how much time one step down takes.
The thing most people don t realize is that your credit score is mostly an indication of how much the bank can make off of you, and your income. High income basically always gets you a high credit score, and making minimum payments also gets you a high credit score. Lets say two people who both have the same income, the person who pays their debts off fastest will have the lower credit score.It s pretty easy to get a high credit score by maintaining a balance on a high interest credit card.
This name makes it very hard to give to end users.
The universe doesn t have to be discrete. Only our capacity to understand it rationally and form consistent linguistic models of it.
What you really want is two apps, completely different UX s and its not worth the effort more times than not. No one is going to Herman Miller s website for example and not buying a chair because they don t like the desktop web app experience.They might pass though if they can t get the site to work well on their phone.
It may appear obvious to you, with the benefit of hindsight and a condensed explanation. As someone who has been in superficially similar situations, it can be hard to tell the difference between someone who only wants some help learning and someone who wants to offload all the work.When someone asks me for help with some practice problem they are supposed to solve on their own, I m now trying to stick with never ever giving the solution. Instead, I give at most a description of the next step towards the solution. If they get stuck, it s sometimes really tempting to just show them the solution, but I think it is better to find out what they are missing and then give yet another explanation.The process may take hours, and fewer people ask me for help a second time, but I believe this way I m helping more than if I just did the work in 5 minutes.
This argument seems decent enough, but a couple of things come to mind.1. Wouldn t multiple HTTP requests be just as slow? especially if you re on a slow cellular connection, which I am at a coffee shop . Are there any benchmark tests you ve done?2. Is there a reason you couldn t select libraries to download at the start of your project? It s not like you switch libraries too much, especially after initial exploration. I don t think it d break workflow too much to check some boxes or pick a few packages, I do it already in sublime.3. To allay concerns about storage for some, couldn t you dump the data after some point? It seems like to be useful you d only need it while someone is coding, and certainly not long term.Just some thoughts, would love to get a response. Like others have said, I love the idea, but especially at my work, I don t think I could actually get permission, which puts me in a grey area.
Interesting, though that strikes me as maddeningly annoying as hell to actually use.
It s really not clear to some people that replies to a deleted message are not replies to the message above the deleted message.This thread contains an example
I hire 10 Python developers per year. You re wrong.I ve been hiring roughly the same amount for 10 years. I m actually really extremely good at modern python. My skills with python syntax are so good that I can do in 1 line exclusively with generators what a junior programmer probably needs 10 lines and twice as much mutating state to pull off. My code is also likely more modular and neater then a junior but you have to realize none of this matters that much. My skill level with python is beyond the curve of what is necessary and so is any other developer that goes beyond 2 years with python.In the end every programmer I ever hired exclusively for python will hit this tier within 1 or 2 years, very few exceptions. Roughly half of the junior programmers I hire are actually already within this tier upon getting hired. Literally before hitting there first job. After two years the only thing left to pick up are some more unique patterns and tricks but that s it.I am 100 talking from experience.
Even more insidious is the armies of salaried mechanical turks on grass root social groups and forums pushing forward a company s whisper campaign without any form of disclosure. You ll notice the same messages surfacing in various online avenues of certain niches nearly at the same time. They make people believe they are on the inside lane of something new and count on them spreading the insight organically amongst their other circles, but it s pure planned guerilla marketing. Most I ve noticed this in nutrition, healthcare and financial products.
That s better, but still inefficient. One example is a minimum guaranteed income. There is no cliff, but it removes the financial incentive to work more or find a better job for people earning below the threshold.
I can understand where the author is coming from, but this is the cruel reality of the world. I have sat in philosophy seminars where it was asserted that I should be left to die on a desert island if the choice was between saving me and saving an arbitrary non-disabled person I would compare this to situations where you are choosing a person with high IQ vs low IQ, or to choosing someone very attractive vs very ugly. The way I see it is these choices are completely rational and not a moral judgement on the people themselves.I m not angry because some people are more attractive, smarter or more charismatic than me and therefore have more access to opportunities. That is just the way humans work.Interestingly, anger and bitterness is also the same reaction that men who are incels or who become disillusioned with women tend to have. Though they are shunned for this, whereas I doubt people will be shunning the author for their point of view. Perhaps this type of reaction is the generic reaction people have when they are rejected or shunned from society in some way.
shared QA, eyeballs on code, consultancy funnel, freemium software, simple ego kicks, getting a proof-of-concept in front of a bunch of people interested in that specific sort of thing, the list goes on...FOSS, itself, is the necessary lego kit the entire web and to a lesser extent mobile and desktop etc rns on... are you suggesting that everyone go buy Coldfusion or ATG Dynamo? the 90 s called and want their time machine back...
what is good course to learn formal verification ?
Aargh. Only works in 10.8.x - I like new tech but I see no need to upgrade beyond 10.6.8 at the mo
Europe by and large doesn t know the concept of sick days . When you get sick, you stay home. If you get cancer, you stay off work for a year if necessary.In my country, there s a system to reimburse companies for their costs after a certain number of sick days 3 weeks I believe. That protects smaller companies, who might otherwise get into serious trouble if, say, one of three employees can no longer work but still gets a salary.Of course there are trade-offs involved. It does cost some money, and it does add a bit of bureaucracy. Some abuse may also happen, although by and large it s rather low there are some social control mechanisms, and the data pretty clearly shows that absenteeism is directly linked to employee satisfaction.
Am I right in understanding that ALL Intel based computers are now a huge security risk?It s really puzzling that Intel would risk the entire company to include features like this. Even if the NSA said we demand it , surely this is possibly the end of Intel being a trustable computing platform?The deeper question being, how can any cloud based program know that it is running on a computer safe from such snooping? Is there any possible way or do we just need to give up on that idea forever and assume that what runs on someone elses computer might be monitored and nothing can be done about it.
If you mean Docker Desktop, I still use it, on both Mac and Windows. I don t use it on Linux because it seems pointless. Docker is basic infrastructure - if you need to quickly stand a service, such as a database server, to run some tests, or run some tool it s a popular way to pack Jupyter, for instance
On Lichess, as far as I can tell, I have to scan the list of games, compare them to my rating which I can t even see on the main screen, and don t trust at all since it swung 150 points on my first game.. , and then pick from the list. Or you can just host a game and wait for someone to find you?
I might be embarking on a similar trip next year same route. I m not familiar with the American climate What would be the ideal time of year to do such a journey? February March to July August?
Molasses is fast compared to Apache Spark. Compare to something like Redshift or Google BigQuery, and on a much larger dataset.
Specifically within the last week, I have used Claude and Claude via cursor to - write some moderately complex powershell to perform a one-off process- add typescript annotations to a random file in my org s codebase- land a minor feature quickly in another codebase- suggest libraries and write sample ish code to see what their rough use would look like to help choose between them for a future feature design- provide text to fill out an extensive sales RFT spreadsheet based on notes and some RAG- generat some very domain-specific realistic sounding test data just naming - scaffold out some PowerPoint slides for a training sessionThere are likely others LLMs have helped with research and in my personal life too All of these are things that I could do and probably do better but I have a young baby at the moment and the situation means that my focus windows are small and I m time poor. With this workflow I m achieving more than I was when I had fully uninterrupted time.
I ve been considering getting my first Apple phone and this will probably seal the deal. I wish there was an alternative to Apple Android which provided a cutting edge camera with good performance but sadly that doesn t seem to be the case.
I ve given it a decent shot - but it still has very average profile support, which I use daily. In Chrome, it s easy to see what profile I m using top right corner of the window , and very easy to switch.In Firefox, you need to go to about profiles to even see what profile you re currently using.
I am not, it just seemed like an immature comparison to make.
Replying to myself to add an additional point Lague s cave system doesn t try to avoid designs with back-tracking -- in fact because he joins the orphaned spaces to the main space, the resulting cave system has more dead-end caves in it.But that said, during the creation process one could easily track these spaces-that-were-previously-orphaned, and could easily use that list to spawn specials in these rooms e.g. make the dead-end caves into features instead of bugs, by placing goals treasure sub-bosses etc in them
Nerd porn is the appropriate label here.
flagged
I m pretty sure putting a stamp in their passports and encouraging discrimination against those with the wrong one didn t help.Inequality and discrimination have long term consequences.
true, it s as empty a signifier as conservative following the rise of the neo-cons. Basic terminology has been blurred to the point of hilarity in regards to any political term. I think this last election has pretty much ruined intellectualism vs anti-intellectualism for a few years at least.
So you re suspicious of your friends and are forming your opinion on a programming language based on that? Right....
It s a copypasta 1 that s been making the rounds on the internet. It s a tongue-in-cheek way of poking fun at Q supporters, not some real delusions the OP is having. 1
It ll take 215,000 years to reach 247 petabytes if you averaged 100 GB of upload a month.
It is not religion that is the root of all evil but religious authority.If you are religious but don t give a dime about what the religious leaders claim, then you will never be led down this path.In general, humans are wired to find authority figures and follow them. Sometimes, this causes us to make great progress towards a common goal. Sometimes it causes very many people to do something very stupid.We, even the religious among us, should raise our children with some manner of scepticism towards our authority figures. Power corrupts. Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Also no mention of how this relates to CEIP Consumer Experience Improvement Program , Microsoft s program to gather usage metrics. Includes much more than just what programs you installed, but is very well anonymized.
Up until the WiiU, Nintendo had sold, if memory serves, every console at a profit.The issue here is that it s being bought without games. They lose money on the tech, and then don t make it up on the licensing.
Throwing a cache into a system that never had a cache before can be quite tricky.You could have these kinds of memory pages Fixed ROM bank Bankswitchable ROM bank Fixed RAM bank Bankswtichable RAM bank IO memory RAM that s read by external devices RAM that s written to by external devices basically just IO Caching is trivially easy for fixed a ROM or RAM bank which are not used by other devices. Caching a bankswitchable bank requires either invalidating on bankswitch, or knowing the bank switching well enough to just cache everything. Pure IO memory is simple, no caching for that at all. For RAM that s read by other devices, Write-Through caching would work.
Isn t that the least efficient idea? You get minimal solar energy during that time of the year in most places and it eliminates the ability use a cover crop.
Often stances of the governments across the world are we ll ignore it unless it becomes a problem for us. Often, in organized crime, money flows back to the government and creates job opportunities for people that keeps them happy. There is a reason. Why there s so many scam call centers in India. The government will turn a blind eye until someone comes in with proof that raises a stink or if other international government agencies get involved.
The situation with Clojure ClojureScript is a lot more stable. Most libraries are pretty rigorous about backwards-compatibility. When someone comes up with a better approach, they release it as a new library under a different name instead of making breaking changes to the old one. You will probably still need to pull in some npm packages, but you can cherry pick those and keep it to a manageable number.
Not gonna share your results? Only one?
Whoa, what happened to the verge? Just scrolling through that page and my browser has downloaded 100MB!
It s a joke that in this day and age the funding process that seeds silicon valley startups is only legal offline and to the privileged rich. Democratized access to small equity investments in germinating companies that may one day be giants, is exactly what is necessary to help the non-rich get richer too. The social and economical benefits of the need for this democratized access is real. Even if the SEC ruling does not go in favor of it next week, the US government should not and can not deny its citizens such benefits for much longer. It s clear that Funders Club has got the right idea of what needs to be in place to enable this change in history.
This is key. Both parties need to trust that their messages are staying within the realms of WhatsApp itself, and with the usage of disappearing mode, not leaving any traces of a conversation.They should probably be using encryption within the chat itself and not, you know, speaking in plain English to add another layer. Perhaps changing the keys frequently via an agreed method thinking about how to do that safely without leaving another trace to render older messages 100 undecryptable.But yeah, chances are all of that data is going to be accessed and they agreed to it! It s right there in the privacy policy people don t bother reading
Family bonds do not last forever.
Awesome, dig was long due for a sane replacement. It s output and commandline syntax are about the most obtuse of any mainstream unix CLI tool it even beats ifconfig and find, which is quite the achievement.
Only in parts, not all instructions, and some functionality it did have was buggy. 4 and 5 are much more advanced competitive on SIMD issues, it seems.Edit Oh, sorry you meant that other guy s link to LLVM s vectorization tutorial. Ignore my reply ...
The interactive tool linked in the article does not work in Safari for me. I does work in Chromium.
Some bored teenager finds a skull circa 350BC. 2 millennia later Scientists baffled by rare skull comb.
You can reduce the power limit a lot on a 3080 before it impacts performance. The last 3 - 5 of performance they are getting out of their chip is responsible for more than a third of the power draw on higher clocked cards.
This is why we need government investigators to look at crash accident data after the fact and we need to ensure that the data hasn t been tampered with by anyone, including the car makers.We can t just rely on the company s words in a crash. Of course the company has all the incentive to lie or at least be as misleading as possible or try to minimize its blame as much as possible, to avoid liability or bad press. That should surprise absolutely no one. That s why we need to make sure that the company s bias is taken out of the equation altogether.
If you have an older Kindle, you can download the older format, I believe. I still have a Kindle DX for this.
I hope you have kids, and they continue to like you.I don t know what the inflation rate is between now and 65 years old... and I hope to live for 20 years after that. Assuming you re 50, that s 35 years of inflation which is right about a halving in value at 2 . So you re going to end your life with 25k yr current equivalent and hope that SS and Medicare carry you through. Good luck.
So, this may be threading a narrow needle, but personally I don t think someone should be socially exiled for hiring prostitutes, or merely being lecherous in a non-aggressive way. The insinuation in those exchanges is that the women being referenced were prostitutes, or some such similar arrangement. But I don t think we ought to be exiling people for that, and I don t even think it ought to be illegal.What Epstein did that crossed the line was manipulating under-aged women into prostitution. People society deems to be incapable of making those kinds of choices for themselves. If the women surrounding Epstein and being referenced in these emails were under-aged, then yes, you re right. But if they were consenting adults, I don t really see why him paying other consenting adults to have sex with him should prevent him from being a public intellectual or donating to places like MIT.
PCI-DSS is actually quite easy to get certified in. I would say the issue is Linode not protecting their customers but as you say it s completely optional and would incur higher costs.
Volument Inc. Vue developer Full-time Remote Helsinki FinlandWe re building a privacy-friendly alternative to Google Analytics that focuses on insights. We re looking for an experienced Vue- developer to lead the frontend team. More information here contact tero volument.com
For most of them the day after, when I get a notification from my RSS app...No. I also don t expect them to choose device based on security. That is very bad as vendors won t care about patching their older devices look at Android devices, home routers... and vendors won t care about patching their flagship devices fast as they have the possibility to request very long embargos.Making compromises for those vendors and giving more time for security agencies and other bad actors to silently exploit the vulnerabilities where FOSS projects would have made patches for users that care is not the way to go. That philosophy actually makes everybody less safe.
Shit I got mine through Amazon a few months ago and was a bit worried it could be compromised. My paranoia is kicking in a bit more now after this article. Do you have any recommendations on checking that my Ledger isn t compromised? Ledger has some suggestions on their site, but as far as I understand they only check the integrity of the wallet apps.
They ve said on twitter that glass is deliberately left open unlocked.
How do you feel other manipulations other than compositing? What about Ansel Adam s photographs? His photographs have extensive manipulations in the dark room. He dedicated an entire book to such techniques equally important as the camera part.The no retouching ever seems to come from people who shoot color positive film. For this style of photography whether it 35mm fashion photography in the 80 s or large format landscapes, the color positive slide is the final output. There are not many manipulations that can be done. The image is meant to be viewed projected directly from said slide. However the choice of film greatly changes the look of the image eg Velvia vs Kodachrome . However extensive manipulation of B W photos has been around for decades.
I think he is referring to incorrect map data, which would be much more dangerous than missing map data.Leaving aside malicious map data for now, high-speed roadways would tend to be well mapped, and low speed roadways should be discoverable in real time.What could be very dangerous is bad map data in addition to a construction zone or road washout. I do think that places like construction zones will be the first to have V2I vehicle to infrastructure installed - to be extra sure that vehicles are aware of unusual conditions.
A very little bit at a time - the amount of time between now and then, as now is about to become then.
It was funny when I realized that mobile-first also means safari-first for the iOS world.
I think most Americans would break the European continent into Europe aka continental W. Europe , the UK, East Europe, and Russia.I think you re over generalizing now in thinking that most Americans know any other nations exist outside of America!I don t think I have ever met anyone though that doesn t think of the UK as part of Europe. Note there is a very clear distinction between Europe and the European Union. UK is part of both, we are not part of the Euro experiment though. See, difficult to generalize already!
You could have a written consent from Walt. All that actually matters is your appetite to deal with an exhausting legal battle.
Every company gives better deals to large companies than consumers. This is no different than any other industry. A starving singer discovered at a night club is not going to get the same deal from a label as Beyonce or Taylor Swift.
Regardless of how you choose to phrase it and how unavoidable it may be, it is a detour that s hindering our ability to expand our understanding and improve our way of life.
Hollywood is in an interesting ethical spot here. I doubt it matters, but if ISP websites are responsible for 3P actions as a result of service shouldn t Hollywood accept responsibility for crimes inspired by their content?
That they develop new products that show off the capability of their new products? It would seem odd to me if they did not.
No blockers as a funny sign-off phrase akin to Bye , sure. But I ve seen teams explicitly ask Do you have any blockers? 1. If I did, I would have told you a long time ago when it became a blocker.2. If I somehow forgot to tell you a long time ago, I would have told you when I did my standup comedy H H H H H H routine.3. If I still somehow forgot after all that, it doesn t matter.
Just dropped you an email
I m not betting my whole stack on it, but I would bet some on the idea that an imminent breakthrough killer-app for consumer VR will be exercise. Could be VR gyms. Could be home use.Take a current-gen oculus etc. Add a heart rate monitor, foot tracking, maybe weighted controllers... you have some excellent workout potential. If price can get to A lot of the top games atm beat saber, superhot, boxvr are pretty exercise-ey. Combining gamified fun addictiveness, in-home convenience all the advantages of digitization eg adjust speed in response to heart rate ... I reckon it will be effective. We re not far from it.An exercise-centric home VR console and or VR gyms...
I also have this hidden and using tree style, however I don t see a point. What is useful about this menu?
Modal editor are not dated. You re saying this as if the command line itself is dated. It s not, casual user can go ahead and use Windows or Mac, but shell and she ll editors will not in the foreseeable future be dated.
I agree with everything you said, but I don t see how it leads the OP s formulation being silly or wrong or not useful. Here s another example of my own where you can pick an upper bound for n and base your complexity analysis around it. In this case, we re trying to provide an API guarantee that a search takes O m n time despite wanting to use an O mn algorithm in some subset of cases. We can still meet the O m n bound by reasoning that the O mn algorithm is only used in a finite set of cases, and thus collapses to O 1 time. Therefore, the O m n time bound is preserved. And this isn t a trick either. That really is the scaling behavior of the implementation. See If an algorithm is defined as being unscalable fixed input , what sense does it make to describe that it scales constantly with input size?I ll answer your question with another in what cases does it make sense to describe the scaling behavior of an algorithm as O 1 ?
Discussion from 7 days ago 330 comments
I ve tried to read the paper note IANP, I m not a physicist and some additional descriptions, remembering what I ve read in Feynman lectures. The principles really sound like reading about the DRAM with the pulses to write, to read and to refresh the content of memory but with photons in the input and output instead of the electrons. Inside of the crystal, it s the electrons that get to move to higher levels when the photons hit the atom they orbit and then to the lower level emitting the photons out. That s how a plain glass window works. The difference is that the researchers add carefully controlled electromagnetic light is also electromagnetic emission signals additional controlling inputs and outputs which gives them the possibility to write at one point in time and read sometime later the same image. The new achievement is that they reach 40 seconds or more between the write and read, which is a new record. There s even some application of genetic algorithms described in the paper used for preparing the conditions to make such write and read possible The loop starts with a random set generation of preparation pulses genetic individuals . Each individual is described by a temporal array of intensity and frequency values genes . The self-learning loop applies the pulses for EIT and determines the individuals with the highest fitness, i.e., the best light storage efficiency. The next generation is built by imitating concepts of evolutionary biology The best individuals are copied into the next generation cloning . Other good individuals are modified by variations of their genes mutation or combination with other fit individuals inheritance . The loop goes through several hundred generations, until the gene sequences i.e., pulse shapes converge toward an optimum. Figure 3 shows the progress of the self-learning loop, i.e., the increase of signal pulse energy after light storage vs number of completed generations. As expected, the fitness increases monotonically with the generations.I d appreciate comments from anybody who knows and understands more.
Just to clarify about taking the 500K rather than even guaranteed additional 5M 50M vs. 45M years later... 500K is an immediate big quality of life boost for most people.For example a condo house downpayment, which lets you move out of cruddy ramen apartment, to routinely get a good night s sleep. And or that relieves some of the various other startup salary level money stresses on your family.I think this can also be aligned with the goals of the startup. You don t want people so hungry that the stress is hurting their health and their home lives. You want them motivated by the mission, the work, the environment, and the possible big liquidity windfall in the future -- but not by desperation.
Telegram is banned in Russia Really? I just went there recently, and nearly everyone used Telegram as their primary messaging application other than Instagram
Trump is aligned with your average American ... against your average American college professor.Your ellipses edits-out the very point I was making, the specific issue of affirmative action. Your average American is indeed aligned with Trump on affirmative action against the average college professor. And on immigration and a host of other issues. and the popular vote is evidence that in fact the other candidate in both 2016 and 2020 was aligned with your average American.The popular vote is evidence that Trump is a crass, unstable, unlikable person, who lost the election to someone who people perceived to be a decent guy.And billionaires aren t the only elites. For all of history we have recognized the people purporting to answer questions about the nature of the universe and humanity as clerical elites. University professors serve that exact same function in our society and are, in anthropological terms, properly classified as elites.
What you need to do is connect assassins with angry people, just charge to connect people
I am perhaps unreasonably annoyed by the mixed units. The narrator and captions are using knots for speed, which is standard for aviation in most of the world. The on-screen display is using km h, which is standard for everything else in most of the world.
You should probably have at least a good understanding of non-relativistic QM and special relativity. For the math parts a little bit of complex analysis helps, but any good book will explain the relevant parts.
Palm and RIM both straddled that divide.
Ah, I forgot about that! I originally fixed that by installing a modified hildon desktop, but that s been incorporated in the community SSU I also had to force the phone-ui to landscape mode so it wouldn t jump around on me.
It s been a long time since anyone reminded me of Richard Bach s illusions Thank you for a pleasant break!
There are electronic versions in the market already. About 10 years ago we used some from MSR 1 to monitor shipments of some very special objects with replacement costs well into six figures.And no, we didn t use just one... of anything. 1
Isn t all the information public, it seems to require additional permissions from github so I abandoned?Or optionally it would be nice if it could do a more bare unwrapping based on public only info.
I really, really want to use that as my response the next time someone sends me an annoying email or IM ...
If findings are true that insects are more attracted to cold light than traditional incandescent light sources, then it s small wonder you still find significant numbers of insects where all the cold light is emitted, even if they are killed on contact with those light sources or trapped by them which is a significant problem with mating . Same should be true for any species which follows insects as a source of food.
If the startup took on any debt, at the front of the line is a bank. Their note usually gets paid first. POOL - BANKDebt holders do not have priority when the debtor is sold, as the debtor remains in existence. Creditor priority generally matters only where an entity s debt structure is being altered, such as in a bankruptcy, liquidation, or debt restructuring. However, your example is correct if the bank held convertible debt, exercised the option to convert the debt to equity, and the converted equity carried a liquidation preference. Note that liquidation shows up twice in this paragraph but the two usages have very different meanings. Liquidation refers to the termination of a corporate business and the distribution of its assets to its creditors and shareholders liquidation preference refers to the maximum return a preferred stockholder may receive when it liquidates its holdings in a company as part of an exit event before the common shareholders or subordinated preferred shareholders receive their returns. In the Non-VC world, liquidation preferences are almost always fixed numbers in the VC-world, liquidation preferences are usually multiples.
As noted by tabling a bill is not getting rid of it Tabling a bill is the first step to passing it.
Just before releasing stable we revisited this choice and looked at alternatives like vuejs, react and svelte. But mithril came out as a winner, it s very thin, extremely flexible and extensible. Especially extensibility - for us - has been a huge factor, because that is Flarums superpower.Now that we ve added typescript, things only became easier.
Ah bollocks, I ve been shitposting using my work GH keys. Hopefully I don t get a surprise call from the boss soon.
I have had to deal with that nightmare multiple times this year! It was a real head scratcher at first.
I use org-protocol-capture 0 in Emacs along with Syncthing to push my .org files to all of my devices including mobile . That way it s local but accessible from anywhere for me . 0
Thanks for the suggestion I m trying it out now. Looks like Chromecasts aren t supported, but they do have a Roku app. The Roku interface seems to be much better than Youtube TV s!
if I recall, Portugal is one of the few countries in the West that has already implemented No Net-Neutrality .. pay-for-service over the open Internet. I have a screenshot of pricing for social media tier and others.
Potentially deadly? Maybe, sure, but at low speeds, up to 10 mph say, it is incredibly unlikely that falling off a bicycle even with no helmet will do more than cause bruises and damaged ego.
You should use compression to not use so much space.
Too bad we dumped trillions on 20 years of perpetual war.
Because if the products actually worked they d be allowed to claim they work for actual diagnoses e.g. Fixes Insomnia from dose 4 vs Promotes sleep
This may not be what HN readers want to hear, but users, not developers, have the primary influence over what the market is.
Amen to that.Plus, half of the 2fa apps from the various services most of which just want their very own app work only on recent phones and most won t even install without google-services.And if you lose your phone, you re toast!So, it s not enough to have one smartphone always at hand...You must have a backup phone too!... and both must be fairly new... and they must both bear the all-dreaded google-battery-eating-spyware...
I recall the issue being with JSON objects getting treated as map values in the parsing language. You don t always have a guarantee that iterating over the map will happen in the same order as was specified in the JSON. The guidance was usually to use JSON arrays instead, or have a sort order key as you put in there.
I went to and there s tall buildings and slums beyond Even Vienna has slum-like areas, every major city does. Not sure how that s a knock against Dubai. I m not even sure what slums you saw in Dubai, Having lived there for a few years there s definitely low income housing in certain parts but I d struggle to call them slums.
In my experience from a few large companies I m afraid this would accomplish exactly nothing. It is wishful thinking.The only way to reach most companies is to turn up on their PR radar. If something is seen as potentially damaging to their brand your concern will enter the company at a place in the organization which will have a far more direct channel to someone who can make decisions.If you go through their investor feedback channel, unless you own a fair chunk of shares in the company or represent major shareholders, they will ignore you. Of course, if you are a major investor you wouldn t contact them through that channel anyway. You would already have a relationship to someone in, or close to, top management who is responsible for handling major stakeholders.
I guess only above average people do.
What in that app s node_modules folder do you consider to be necessary bloat?
Reading their latest announcement makes me question how alive they are. Feels like an announcement from 5 years ago.
Yes, I really do this. Have done since I started working.At one of my first jobs as a student employee they offered me a salary X. In the contract there was some lower number Y. When I pointed this out, they said X includes the bonus. It s not in the contract but we ve never not paid it . OK, if this is really guaranteed, you can make that the salary and put it in writing. They did, my salary was X and that year was the first time they didn t pay the optional bonus. Didn t affect me, because I had my salary X.IANAL and I don t know how binding this is. I d think it s crucial for it to be in both copies of the contract, otherwise you could have just crossed it out after the fact, which would of course not be legally binding at all and probably fraud ? In practice, it doesn t really come up, because the legal department will produce a modified contract or start negotiating the point. The key is that the ball is now in their court. You ve done your part, are ready and rearin to go, and they are the ones holding things up and being difficult, for something that according to them isn t important.UPDATE I think it s important to note that I am also perfectly fine with a verbal agreement.A working relationship depends on mutual trust, so a contract is there for putting in a drawer and never looking at it again...and conversely if you are looking at it again after signing, both the trust and the working relationship are most likely over.But it has to be consistent if you insist on a binding written agreement, then I will make sure what is written is acceptable to me. You don t get to pick and choose.
Well, your eyes can t see above 24fps so it does not matterHonestly, I don t care after 60fps, even for games. Are 4k monitors smaller screens available? I only see huge 4k TVs, never heard of monitors. It is not like I can afford one though
Hey, there are 12 days of Christmas, so I ve got 11 more days to find out what I m getting... - Seriously, we celebrate most gift-giving on Epiphany, the traditional 12th day of Christmas, when the Magi brought their gifts to Bethlehem. Takes the gift whammy off Christmas itself, though we have a few minor gifts.
Many companies have to spend big dollars on their trademarked terms or company name to get it listed as the top result only via a paid ad.Google artificially pushes down those company results to keep forcing them to pay big bucks for the top result only via advertising. Pretty slimy business Google is in these days. Like paying the local thugs to protect your grocery store.
Clintina for a girl, Fleen for a boy.
Ok, since it seems there s remarkably little interest in this idea as it stands why not try it out as a Bitcoin startup?
Found this which seems pretty cool and uses very inexpensive components
iOS updates are available for everyone at the same time, but Apple does stagger the update notifications. So users that know an update is available can go to Settings and find it immediately, but notifications go out in stages after the release.
A streamed parachute is a lot better than no parachute. Kinetic energy goes at the square of velocity so even a fairly small slowing is worth a lot in reducing injury.
I don t think China or Russia are for example.We have an absolutely horrifying clerical renaissance here in Russia. Church gets a lot of media attention, a lot of general public attention, a lot of lawmakers attention. By recent polls, 75 of Russians consider themselves orthodox christians.Just two examples of how this influences everyday life 1. There is a university called MIFI aka National Research Nuclear University Moscow Engineering Physics Institute . For a long time there was a statue of a wayfarer on their campus with the following words Дорогу осилит идущий I don t know English equivalent, literally The one who walks will overcome the path . This statue, nicknamed An Eternal Student , was considered an unofficial symbol and words an unofficial motto of MIFI students. However, right before patriarch Kirill visit to the institution, statue was replaced by a cross.Before and after pic later they announced they were opening a theological faculty there. In a nuclear research university.2. A road accident happened in Moscow. Drunk hieromonk Ilia was driving a Mercedes G-wagon ! at 140 kmph and crashed into a Skoda. Afterwards he crashed into three road workers, two of whom died. Putting aside how monk can own and drive expensive cars, mysterious things began to occur to this case. For some reason, no one bothered to take his blood sample or arrest the young monk, who was taken by allegedly unknown person home. In the court a person, who wasn t even present at the crash, told the judge that it was Skoda that crashed into and killed road workers. Video records from the case showing Mercedes were, wait for it, destroyed by a computer virus . For no apparent reason, after all this Ilia decided to confess to everything.Also, the case of pussy riot, who were given prison time for disorderly conduct and many, many different annoying things.
Well, if you have an Android device with Android 9 you can use built-in DNS-over-TLS It works for both Wi-Fi and LTE and it s how I use NextDNS on my Pixel.
I usually estimate an average amount of hours I can dedicate on the projects a week. Some I strike the limit others More frequently while others work less hours
the top review was by the man himself, Peter Norvig. That s very high praise indeed. I d read it if it weren t about Lisp, a language that is bad for all the same reasons it is good.
Medium yes, but I think Substack is doing pretty well? There s definitely room for improvement, so what do you think needs to improve?
I find my zune to be a perfectly cromulent device
The fact the consumer didn t do any due diligence doesn t change the situation.It is the reasonable expectations that differ. Customers are not expected to ask for and will not be granted financial information or proof of collateral. It is completely unreasonable to give those customers the same level of risk as creditors who are expected to ask for and receive such information. It is fraud if the company racks up large numbers of unusual expenses just before bankruptcy is declared.So when a company does not currently have the financial ability to fulfill a purchase say without obtaining a government bailout , how is it not fraud to sell a product and collect money without informing the customer of that risk? As for dine and dash there is a difference when there is no intent to pay.I d like to see you try telling your waiter I m a bit tight on money right now, you ll have to wait for next month for me to pay my bill. Let s see if they call the cops and you get arrested. Your argument is rather ridiculous.
Source, with actual details
I always thought cars ought to have a weather band receiver in them, but I ve never seen that feature in a factory radio.As a HAM I have an amateur transceiver in my car and i find weather band reception to be really useful
Renaissance is part of the market, and it s the sort of thing that we individual investors can t beat. The market can t be beat doesn t mean no one can see better returns - it means a random yahoo like me simply can t compete with the information, processing power, and access funds like Renaissance have.Thus, an average investor is a lot better off with an index fund instead of trying to pick individual stocks. Funds like Renaissance s Medallion simply aren t available to people without tens of millions of dollars to throw around, too.
I ve seen for example here a lot of issues raised
Yup. But I d like to see the numbers for second or third try entrepreneurs. of all types. If my first three goes tank it, but the fourth one makes it, OHBOYOHBOYOHBOY!. Then I ve got a 75 fail rate, but I m still a success. insert inspirational fall down seven times, stand up eight ,I havent failed, I just found 99 ways that don t work etc...
Not really. Thats mostly what that act is used for, dragging out change and protecting the status quo.
THIS. OMG, the anti-development mob on Nextdoor is horrifying. I live in southern Marin and you would not believe the hysterical and shameless level of NIMBYism. People in my area use the platform to try to block new single family residences from being built even on privately-owned parcels, and post to Nextdoor urging everyone to come to the planning meetings to try to block the permits. After all, the person who wanted to build the house was a developer who lived in Sacramento, not a local person, and everybody freaked. Why, there was even a possibility that he might build five or ten houses in that area further down the line the horror, the horror .When I posted comments objecting to the attitude, one of the local anti-development residents apparently ran a deep background check on me and posted to Nextdoor that I surely must be opposed because my family must be real estate developers and have some kind of vested interest. Actually, my grandfather started a commercial real estate company on the other side of the country, not residential real estate nor any kind of new development. But the implication was clear try to block NIMBYism and people will actually dox you albeit poorly , to the point they will seek out your deceased maternal grandfather s name and business.
I used to enter a lot of competitions in my Uni days. Won a few DVDs CDs, a years worth of coffee, public WiFi for a year, a Sony laptop, an iPad mini and a trip to Florida with car hire and a meet an astronaut meal at Kennedy space center!I stopped entering comps though because it started to change from give us your email for some marketing you can opt out of to enter with Facebook account where we can see everything about you and you have to share our post on your feed etc .Pretty sure the UK EU is better on making sure prizes are what they say they are, but the small print on competitions has got so much worse.
Hmm. I guess it just changed this year. My bad!
They are getting it not because some domain registrar decided to do whatever he wants.
Your example with cars would only make sense if a software bug put a driver in direct danger without giving them time to be responsible and mitigate the danger. In almost all situations, even with modern technology in cars, it s the driver s responsibility to drive steer brake to mitigate the danger.How many pieces of software exist in this world where there is zero chance of even a catastrophic bug causing harm to humans? I would bet most of the existing pieces fit this description. Now apply that question to works of civil engineering, and you have a different picture.
I once heard a story about a very smart white guy that was retired special forces--just to put this racial thing to bed. Anyway, this guy lived in a subdivision that did not get cable. The cable company said there were not enough subscribers to justify the expense of the construction to bring them service. So mister special forces takes it upon himself to string a cable himself, and then decided to bring cable to the rest of the subdivision. After getting caught and arrested, part of his restitution was to make a PSA with him on camera in handcuffs saying something like stealing cable is a crime or something to that effect.
It s the first time I hear HN has title autoformatting.
Maybe, but if each market is isolated then the network effect is small. To dominate a market you just need enough drivers available to meet the market expectations. If you have two businesses in a market supplying an equal quality service, but where one is 20 cheaper, then the cheaper service will capture the majority of the market.An alternative hypothesis might be that nobody can think of a way to make money by investing in such a market and so they don t.
The definition of ARR is MRR 12.
I can only ask, who else does anybody think is flying in that area? It sure isn t the Taliban Air Force, because the Taliban doesn t have one.
It turns out the free market is extremely good at innovation, but horrible for maintenance or long lived projects - as soon as something is not deemed profitable any more, it gets shut down. No matter how useful it is for literally millions of people Google Reader comes to a mind .
or as traders call it, the jampot
Does he threaten people? And the people that aren t just bystanders will read the thing he says, he doesn t need to punch it up to attract a crowd.
Is it node that still limits all processes to 2gb or something by default? I think their rationale was it s a v8 flag so we don t touch it
I think this works, not because LLMs have a hallucination dial they can turn down, but because it serves as a cue for the model to be extra-careful with its output.Sort of like how offering to pay the LLM 5 improves its output. The LLM s taking your prompt seriously, but not literally.
I wasn t really thinking in terms of cost plus but I have never heard of a per diem being anything more than something to cover expenses while traveling. My understanding of a per diem is not meant to be a daily bonus.If they pay it then it s all the better for the op. I was more curious how much blowback the gp has gotten on a large per diem like that and how they would go about countering it for my own personal use.
The link leads to an article on PowerQuery which is a Power BI product. PowerQuery can surely do joins, but it doesn t operate within Excel s data model - cells and sheets. It s an external tool from the Power BI family from which integrates with Excel to a certain extent.In a similar fashion you could ve posted a link to running an SQL join query from Excel which is surely doable for a trained user . Technically it s possible, but it would be wrong to pretend like the join is done in Excel.
I hope think that Apple is thinking that bringing back the cheese grater or in other word a PC running MacOS is not going to be enough to bring back the pro.Before they can think of bringing back the pro , they need to stop the bleeding pros who need to upgrade this year have no choice but to go PC. An upgraded cheese-grater would have been a good stop-gap while they go back to the drawing board on their 2019 product.
I ve also heard it explained like this Assume everyone wants to work or talk about technical stuff 95 of the time, and flirt 5 of the time. Assuming your company or LUG has a 1 10 female male ratio, and furthermore postulate that all participants are hetrosexual. The women who do show up will be irritated, not because they don t want to flirt, but because they want to do other things as well. Though humorous, this seems a surprisingly cogent explanation.
I immediately decline if a company asks for unpaid work as part of the interview process.Take-home challenges aren t unpaid work. They re just a take-home replacement for the on-site interview.If anyone tries to get you to do unpaid work as in, actual work that the company needs to be done rather than an arbitrary challenge given to candidates for review then you should absolutely walk.
It s got to be a conversation between you and your spouse - my now wife said she definitely wanted a diamond. I ended up proposing with my great grandmothers ring, that has a small diamond. She loved it. Some people will want to go select a ring together at diamonds direct. Some won t even care about a ring.As far as friends and family goes, they can get over it. I actually have a lot of fun telling people about the current scam that are diamonds, if they make any sideways remarks about my wife and my preferences. There really is no defending the diamond industry, so if they are pushy or too nosy, it s an easy argument to win .
Well, it wasn t wrong to say that particular sets don t intersect it... b
Because they aren t doing it to stop just counterfeit filters, but any other filters that they haven t made.We ve already been through this with printer cartridges, and how did that turn out?
Good luck!
You ll get a Riker.
OT, but any one knows why square.com redirects to squareup.com instead of the other way round?
Abuses in China? So what are you planning to purchase instead? Because Apple is doing better with worker rights in China than any competitor is.
I don t get what people were expecting. It s fairly obvious that a TikTok ban is a restriction on your rights as citizens to run whatever software you god damn please. Why would the law look like anything other than this? The US government has no power to restrict China from doing anything. All they can do is stop US citizens from doing certain things - and preventing US citizens from using TikTok requires some pretty broad powers over your digital life.
Same talk w big slides and tiny Demis
1. You can use it purely as a CDN, turning security to essentially off and only having to deal with the website certificate being sni.cloudflaressl.com2. Only on the enterprise plan. On Pro Business you can only challenge captcha or JS browser Challenge countries, not outright block them.3. Even with all the other cool and useful features, DDOS mitigation is still one of the most valuable offerings possible.
Source?Do your own googles instead of implying that I m ignorant or dishonest. It s easy to find birth rates broken out by income. What I said is true and readily verifiable.
And, ironically, it doesn t seem to work in ChromeOS Chromebooks .
If software engineers end up automated away before truck drivers are, not a completely harebrained concept given that one type of AI is doing better than expected and the other worse , it will put a hilarious spin on the truckers should just learn to code concept.
Totally agree. Of course, because PHP has the public protected private idea, it s correct in not redefining those for its own meaning, so the complaint is missing the point.I think the worst villains of the public protected private family are getter setter methods, it bugs me when I see them in Python code. We use enunciate at work, and we bundle AMF endpoints with our stuff. Unfortunately the Java-to-actionscript step complained when our data objects don t have getters setters since I like just using public attributes , so now I have two Python scripts one generating the Java code for a data object along with annotations, the other adding getter setter methods.
AKA the Gavin Newsom effect.
Its because advertisers put out their best copy for super bowl ads where its genuinely funny usually.
Isn t that the point of being in an Union, each one participating with what they do best and within their possibilities?You begin to take some refugees without complaining and sunny southern european countries give you some of their solar power - deal? s
We re getting complaints from users that you ve been overpromoting your project on HN. I think they have a point - this is arguably too much fine to occasionally link to your own stuff when it s particularly relevant, but it s not fine to use HN primarily for promotion. The intended use of the site is curiosity, and promoting one s own stuff is a completely different motivation though, of course, a super common one . If you d please roll this back a bit, we d appreciate it. Btw, when users do this egregiously, we just add it to a spam filter. I wouldn t say you ve been egregious, which is why I m asking rather than spambinning. But if you d get back on the good side of the line, i.e. using HN for personal curiosity, that would be helpful. I suppose I should also add that this is not any comment on your work itself, which I m sure is very good.
TIL about MapViewOfFile3 and NtMapViewOfSectionEx, thanks! Still, the Microsoft docs say 1 in, optional BaseAddress The desired base address of the view the address is rounded down to the nearest 64k boundary . ... in Offset The offset from the beginning of the section. The offset must be 64k aligned.The peculiar part is where base address and offset must be divisible by 64K also referred to as the allocation granularity but the size only needs to be divisible by the page size. Maybe you re right and the docs are wrong?.. 1
Why does BMW even store the license plate? Is the warranty tied to a license plate? And if so, why?
My phone is capable of 3G and 2G as well, but I haven t used that in a long time and I ve used it all over Europe. It is funny because sometimes I have bad coverage for newer bands and protocols but 3G always saves the day in those cases. In Latin America it was quite useful as well, especially rural areas.
lol sick
Thanks for the feedback! Someone mentioned this earlier and I am going to add something to make it easier.
I don t see why those are mutually exclusive. Replacing ICE cars with electric and using other forms of transportation when it is appropriate both are important. I actually think the rise in electric personal transportation bikes, scooters and weird balancing contraptions etc could be a bigger game changer than electric cars especially within cities.
I am actively having to resist putting a question mark at the end.
no questions - just want to say thanks for sharing!
The link is dead.Works for me.
A lot of average C programmers write high-performance linked-lists in C, while they could have used high-performance hashtables in Python Ruby Java with the same programming effort. and no programs are high-performance if they have a pointer bug that makes the program crash . The difference between theory and practice is small in theory and large in practice...
Tedious disclaimer my opinion, not my employer s. Not representing anybody but me. I work at Google, not on lawful intercept. That s not what this article says. This article is about what happens when the government lawfully issues a warrant to obtain somebody s private data, and orders a private company to give them the data. When this happens the company has some rights to recover their costs from the government.You may not like what the US government is doing here. I certainly don t. But it s still the law, and companies that operate in the US have to comply with it.
They re literally the same species. You might still need a license to produce hemp, so they could plausibly consult the license list, notice your cannabis, see you re not on the list, and get a warrant either way.
I often use Caps Lock for acronyms, such as HTML, CSS, IntelliJ IDEA, and ad-hoc acronyms for book titles in notes. I do remap Caps Lock to Ctrl when I use Windows, because Windows requires Ctrl for many keyboard shortcuts, but I also make it so that Shift CapsLock activates caps lock, so I can still use it.
Very nice interface!Just curious, how do you get the locations of the ads? Is it limited in resolution to the locale it s posted in? I don t see any addresses listed in a lot of them.
I greatly appreciate your perspective here. Makes me think about whether certain communication styles work better in different contexts.I remember asking a vet what the communication style was in the military and he said, Someone who outranks you tells you what to do and there is always someone who outranks you. Now, I don t know how representative that is of the military as a whole, but it got me thinking how would that vet respond if he were to tell his wife what to do and she said no?I say this because maybe in the high-stress, high-urgency situation with a hierarchical organizational structure, NVC doesn t work well, but perhaps it would work better in the lower-stress, lower-urgency situation with a flatter organizational structure, and that it could be useful to speak the two languages, so to say.--However, I think something like NVC could work in your workplace, as it seems like you showed it in that example. Contractor A Hey I need X. And it s a time-sensitive priority. Sounds pretty much like NVC to me, just a much more efficient version of it. The thing you need X , when you need it now , with an implicit ask of will you do it. Contractor B Could you possibly ask nicer next time? This sounds pretty far from the style of NVC. Jumps straight to the request step and buries the feelings and wants in the possibly ask nicer phrase.If I were Contractor B, I would love if Contractor A spoke to me like that and would only wish Contractor A added, Will you do it now? at the end of it, so that I could close the transaction in the affirmative.If A didn t ask or directly tell me to do it and I felt unsure if A wanted me to do it and when exactly to do it, then I might reply with, I m a bit confused, do you want me to do this and if so, by when do you want it done? However, depending on how well I know the person and how they communicate, this may be unnecessary.Anyway, I love this thank you for writing all that you did and for bringing your perspective to the conversation -
Fortinet Web Filtering at my work has blocked this page under the category of Hacking I just submitted a re-evaluation and it was updated to... the hacking category---Web Page Blocked!You have tried to access a web page which is in violation of your internet usage policy.URL Category Hacking
True. I won t argue that better, faster devices will get more usage. For the day that I owned a 5s, it was incredibly fast. There is one more thing I forgot, however -- there might also be a bias for the 5s in that early adopters and those who upgrade every year could be more likely to both own the 5s and have been trained by past iPhones to use as much data as they want. Those who stick with older phones might not use them as often off wi-fi. Where as often is still within reach. Who knows, though. Perhaps the difference is that the iPhone 5S is easier to unlock, or supports LTE in more places. I m sick of guessing, at this point.
What if someone needs information on sex something which is so natural to human beings instead of To get results, change your search terms. I should at least be given a wikipedia link or pages with information on safe sex, etc.. To get results, change your search terms. and no option to turn the filter off -- bad user experiencesex isn t pornography right!
A proper bike lane will have at least a solid white line that a driver is not allowed to cross other than when accessing an adjacent property where they have to give way . Same as a bus lane. Thus it s impossible to legally park in those lanes
I mean, I fully agree with you. But this is the demonstrable reality of modern democracy. They all meet these criteria, and yes, they all hide behind the term democracy while not actually meeting any of it s obligations. If pressed they would say, What are you going to do about it? because they designed a system in which you are powerless, and so they know you can do nothing about it.Our planet is on fire and our world leaders twiddle their thumbs and prepare bunkers to coast out the collapse. Tell me how that s conceivably a result of an empowered populace after decades of said populace campaigning for climate change legislation.
Could you please provide sources for both?
This definitely looks like a great piece of software.However, I believe different services, hence different types of information, should have their own way of being displayed.For example, seeing a one-line summary of an email doesn t appeal to me that much.That s why I always prefer using the web app itself or a dedicated extension in the case of Gmail .
We have AFAICS.Resort to that and fight back from there.
Taxis do serve a purpose even with the best subway system in the worldAnd from what I have read, while Manhattan is the best Subway system in the United States, it is far from being the best in the world see for example, Tokyo .
You mean providing leftpad to the world isn t worth a buck a month from thousands of different people? I mean, that might have taken someone a while five minutes to write. If they weren t that familiar with JavaScript and had to look up some stuff in the docs that is...
Jesus H Fucking Christ on a Stick! We are blowing up American Citizens sitting in cafes and legally it s untouchable . And I find appalling and outraging that in one sentence you managed to blaspheme against my God, imply that the lives of 6.8 billion of non-American human beings are worthless, and then add insult to injury by whining about the fact that sometimes you end up on the receiving end of own lack of collective moral compass.There are no words that can express how I feel about this, and at the same time are suitable for this fine audience.
Yep. I use code push in several apps. It s gonna be fun times next time I need to submit an app. I think it might be safe because it doesn t push native code and rollout is all about pushing native changes.
Perhaps you haven t seen the results of an excellent secretary vs a mediocre one. There may be no physical item created from their work, but the difference is quite noticeable.
Why cum? Seems like an odd thing to apply to a random structure is there some other cultural reference I m missing to understand it other than being sticky?
I can see this cloning a hotel key being used in Person of interest.
Yes most of the time, but the occasional unlucky person would still get hit by a longbow arrow from seemingly nowhere. Maybe they re passing by some training grounds or some other non-combat zone.
In his time, to send a letter from the US to the UK took 6-12 weeks. Fruit was relatively rare, whether noxious or proper. Too much of anything can be harmful.Your appeal to authority could also be applied to suffrage or the abolishment of slavery. What makes you think that now, xxx years into the most propsperous society in human history, is the right time to revisit the institution of slavery ? Times change.That said, there s nothing in particular to stop a political party in the US from being completely anti democratic and bringing down the entire system of both government, elections and the constitution. It just hasn t really started happening since the civil war until now.
One of the most successful examples of bundling is Microsoft s enterprise plans. For instance, the top E5 plan includes so much enterprise software for so low price that it creates the perception of free software. MS Office? Free. Power BI? Free. Etc.Tableau, which I believe is a more sophisticated data visualization application is getting squeezed out from enterprise accounts. Why? Because Power BI is free .Bundling is a huge power.
I find myself agreeing in some ways. I had my hey-day on the frontend, enjoying all the new things being built for JS devs. Not just the big libraries like React or Vue, but others ones like Rx, Ramda, Lodash, and every other novel abstraction you can imagine. There s some really cool tech there but as a whole it s immature as hell.My satisfaction as a software dev has increased massively since I ve renewed my focus on the backend, and also spent some time with Java and other mature languages.We still get things badly wrong but at least it s wrong in a way I can understand. I ve looked at some new frontend projects and I would have to learn 7 or 8 different abstractions, inside a monorepo, just to understand how to build a simple interface to a collection of APIs.Fuck that. The churn is too high and you might wonder how people built GUIs at all when you look at a modern web-app codebase.
But why? Because you cannot trust any checks performed on the client-side, since the user may have total control over the client-side system, and possess the ability to somehow bypass or spoof client-side validation.Client-side validation only exists to pluck the low-hanging fruit, and provide convenience to the majority of users. You cannot rely on any client-side events, when attempting to secure server-side resources.All user input must be considered evil until proven otherwise.
I personally like Beyerdynamic headphones. They re quite common in studio settings.Sennheiser has some great stuff as well.
I feel sorry for his parents - legal fees is going to financially wipe them out and any plans for retirement.I d rather stick to my mediocre returns of my money market accounts than this crypto forex NFT nonsense.
The recipient should put those emails on a website for everyone to see, along with a description of the issue.Sometimes public shaming is the only way to push big firms into action.
Maybe there should be more of a notice, but when I tried it with my son s account I got some notifications.Having said all that the default will be for most school accounts all or nothing. Don t allow them to manage it and you won t get in.
I can t believe all these years of typing on newer Macs even the new pro , Surfaces, Dells, Gateways, etc. I never owned a ThinkPad until recently. The keyboard on my yoga 370 has unveiled a new world of typing. The TrackPoint is a gamechanger.I just ordered an old X230 and plan to spruce it up and use as my home PC. Might even try to dualboot MacOS.
Everything I like about FireFox gestures, tabbed browsing, a reasonable bookmark manager , Opera did first. I used Opera for years back when it flat killed Netscape and IE for features and standards compliance. I only left once FireFox implemented all of the same features I had come to rely on in Opera, PLUS developing its growing add-on ecosystem.Gimmicky? Marginal? Not in the least. Sure, Opera, as a foreign, small, scrappy little software company wasn t able to knock off the behemoths of MSIE, Google Chrome and Netscape-cum-Mozilla. But so what? The fact that they ve been ahead of the feature curve as long as they have and are still in the fight is, to me, pretty dang amazing and quietly one of the most surprising stories in software in the last 15 years.I ve always been a fan of that resilient little Norwegian shop, and I m sorry to see them or, more than likely, their lawyers get dragged into the unseemly world of lawsuits and recrimination. Hopefully this will resolve itself more amicably than it has started.EDIT I don t mean to be snarky or mean, but this bit made me SOL snort out loud ..another slightly incompatible rendering engine? Opera s earliest claim to fame, back in the godawful days of the real incompatibility wars, was its near-religious adherence to W3 standards. A lot of web developers in the late nineties early oughts would use Opera as the benchmark browser, and then resolve various quirks-mode issues from there. If it worked in Opera, you could be reasonable sure the problem wasn t with your code, but with a quirk that you were about to have to fork your code on, for Netscape or IE.
IME with win 11 pro, it won t encrypt the drive if you jump through hoops to create a local account. But as soon as you link it to MS, it will encrypt it.
also does the same thing They re really nifty to use
I was updating some stuff, the issue is fixed now, sorry for the trouble
Pretty much any of them. He interviewed zero HFTs for his book and seems to repeatedly misunderstand how the basic concepts of order books work, or things like someone trying to sell a million shares is going to drop the price of the stock , which you learn on level 3 at the very latest.
yes, the grids should be the same company, but who bills you varies.
Location Greater New YorkRemote Yes Remote Only Willing to relocate NoTechnologies Web ReactJs ES6 7 TypeScript Redux Node.js Express.js AngularJs HTML5 Bootstrap Microsoft .NET Core C Asp.Net MVC Web API Linq Entity Framework Data SQL Server MySQL MongoDB Redis CouchDB Cloud AWS Azure Docker S3 EC2 SQS SNS RDS Packages Tools Axios GraphQL Redux WebPack Babel NPM Git Splunk SumoLogic Jira Sitecore Email jainrasik at gmail.comRésumé CV 15 years Software Engineer Architect with experience in FULL-STACK applications in React.js TypeScript C AWS Cyber Security. Worked in different roles dealing with Product Development, Solution Enterprise Architecture, Security Cloud.
The coulomb barrier electromagnetic force derived for hydrogen nuclei is not overcome until a temperature of about 120 million kelvin. Obviously, no metallic materials can operate at this temperature.Controlled magnetic fields are required to contain a plasma above the coulomb limit.
Isn t evaluating against different effective experts within the model effectively what MoE 1 does? Mixture of experts MoE is a machine learning technique where multiple expert networks learners are used to divide a problem space into homogeneous regions. 1 It differs from ensemble techniques in that for MoE, typically only one or a few expert models are run for each input, whereas in ensemble techniques, all models are run on every input. 1
If I do cardio exercise for an hour and am measuring my BPM the whole time, a little less than 20 of the battery is drained. They changed the BPM algorithm in the latest Infinitime update, not sure what the battery hit was in the old one.I turned off Bluetooth and put the watch on the shelf five days ago, the battery drained maybe 14 over that time. I mainly use the watch to measure my BPM, but it can do other things measure steps walked, get notifications from an Android phone, stopwatch, tell time of course, a somewhat weak flashlight app, it even has games like 2048 and Pong .On Android there is a Sleep as Android app, which I have never used, which says it integrates with PineTime. Reading what people on the net say, some have been happy with it, some have encountered problems. I have never tried to get sleep readings on Gadgetbridge and don t see any talk about Pinetime and Gadgetbridge for sleep on the net. I know someone who has a Fitbit where the sleep measurement from watch to Fitbit app is very extensive, and even tries to estimate when someone is in REM sleep and such - Pinetime doesn t have anything like this yet.To me it s a 27 plus shipping hackable watch that does the main thing I want it to, measure BPM. As people code for it, it will probably get more capabilities - someone already improved how it measures BPM in the latest version of Infinitime by doing some fast fourier transforms and the like. Some of the more expensive watches seem to have more capabilities, but I like it for my purposes.
That s the reason I use wget and only when necessary I switch to curl. It s not that I wouldn t forget about that nasty behaviour eventhough I sometimes do forget but it usually goes like this curl -o news.ycombinator.com curl no URL specified! curl try curl --help or curl --manual for more information curl -O news.ycombinator.com curl Remote file name has no length! curl try curl --help or curl --manual for more information curl -O foo news.ycombinator.com curl Remote file name has no length! curl try curl --help or curl --manual for more information 301 Moved Permanently 301 Moved Permanently nginx wget news.ycombinator.com --2014-11-17 14 27 18-- Resolving news.ycombinator.com news.ycombinator.com ... 198.41.191.47, 198.41.190.47 Connecting to news.ycombinator.com news.ycombinator.com 198.41.191.47 80... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 301 Moved Permanently Location following --2014-11-17 14 27 19-- Connecting to news.ycombinator.com news.ycombinator.com 198.41.191.47 443... connected. HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK Length unspecified text html Saving to index.html 22,353 --.-K s in 0.07s 2014-11-17 14 27 19 331 KB s - index.html saved 22353 With wget, I can just through any URL to it and it ll probably do the right thing with the least amount of surprises. Grab a file is my usecase 99.99 of the time, Print a file is the rest 0.01 .
Unfortunately, the only proof I see is that you re expecting too much from humans. We re just not very rational, and have a problem doing the right thing. We believe in unproven stories about gods, kill millions of people for temporary greed, power or believing the wrong lies, and we lie and deceive to gain power or wealth, and have a hard time sharing with those in need actually sending fugitives back to sea knowing they ll drown . We ve pretty much destroyed all life on earth, and are close to destroying our ability to survive. Sometimes people surprise you in a positive way, but overall it s pretty sad. Maybe it s unavoidable, as these are the qualities that made humans successful, but it seems they ll now destroy a large part of us not for the first time, but at an unprecedented scale .
My take? Uber and Lyft themselves are a response to pretty terrible taxi dispatch. And, in certain parts of the US, to policies like medallions that impose a supply cap on taxicabs. Most places I know of that have a free-ish market for cab rides Israel, Australia, etc. have local cab-hailing apps with similar interfaces to Uber that have outcompeted it in the local market.
They went full Ulbricht on him terrorism, drugs, fraud, money laundering, piracy and involvement with child exploitation.
Note that these are from 2005, and both the stations pictured have had quite major renovations since then - Shinjuku has a big new southern annex that would be in the bottom right of this picture, and Shibuya had a platform ripped out of the SE side and moved underground.
Funny you should bring up this example.I have two Crucial BX500 SSDs here.One made in Thailand - The 960GB version.One made in Mexico - The 1TB version.
How could one possibly know what they would pay for the service if they only see one page with features and not even a demo? Listing benefits is also a good thing on a product page.
Most of the large Source Depot users have moved to Git or, like Windows, are in the process of moving to Git. Legacy stuff will probably live on in SD for a long time, possibly forever, for maintenance work.
As a second anecdote, I also rented one from Hertz Polestar 2 and while it could navigate me to charging stations, at least 50 of the time I was unable to charge at a given location due to technical issues. It was bad enough that I had to divert 30 minutes off my planned route to find a working charger.I look forward to owning an EV someday but the rental experience right now and in my state was VERY stressful.
I don t have an accountant. I ll get one once I m making money so consistently that it s not worth my time to do it myself. - The minimum corporate tax in OR is 150. In 2009, they raised it from 50, and I think increased the tax rates across the board. The biggest change is that they now tax on gross receipts which means you can t deduct expenses.
I am all in favor of side projects but I found a number of disturbing errors There are no conferences for either Ruby or Elixir There are no conferences on bitcoin There is only one conference for React You can leave data in the form on where by not picking autocomplete and then it appears to have searched for it but gives incorrect results The only way to clear the date settings is to reload the pageI love the concept and the lack of knowing what conferences are happening even nearby is a very real problem but I think there are issues with your database and your search interface.
don t delete your cookies. just temporarily use a different browser than your normal one opera, camino, chrome, or whatever
I take exception to the accusation of misogyny, but perhaps I wasn t very clear. I m sure that Ariel is a competent and intelligent person, and probably capable of a lot more than puff PR blogging for moribund corporations. I m sure she put in an honest and significant amount of work setting up the site and the interview and so on. In fact, her competence is essential. The whole point of the exercise is to cast a character who can convey authenticity.It s like reality show casting. It s not scripted. The people are real. But they re in a role, to create a particular kind of scene. And the scene they probably wanted to create was attractive nerdy girl runs a fansite about our our awesomely cool developers and our cool corporate culture .Yeah, probably most smart people know that it s really an MS site. But branding exists for a reason -- it works unconsciously. If anything my comment isn t misogynist, it s anti-straight-male. I m tired of how predictable men in our industry are.As for Google PR -- it deserves to be satirized too. Their thing is to have developers directly address the public, in relatively plainspoken videos. This entails yet more subtle distortions mostly by omission , but it s not as flawed as the Microspotting approach.
If you re laid off, you can collect unemployment more easily.
The American abhorrence for admitting fault and or apologizing is quite mystifying to me. It s really corrosive.I don t accept this premise. Americans don t have a lot of the cultural baggage that leads to this. If anything, Americans are quick to admit fault and address root causes. We don t have a cultural history of beating around the bush, saving face, deferring to elders who are clearly wrong, etc. Individual exceptions abound, but I think on the whole Americans are ready to admit fault most of the time.
The following is your unique fingerprint on the web loading... I ll bet my fingerprint isn t unique.
The author of this article has full blown autism and expects his children to conform to his mental illness. Sad.
You can, at least for Youtube - the premium offering is ad-free.ad-free surveillance free.
Looks like I m moving to iceland.
so you re forced to less than optimal solutions like table inheritance for large numbers of recordsWould the native table partitioning feature introduced in this release be a solution or, at least, more optimal for this?Alternately, if you want to go off-heap, what about using Foreign Data Wrappers These two both sound like they might solve your problem
Face to face or a phone call is best when you need to communicate quickly with the ability to clarify on the fly.
And yet, that s the approach that has completely failed. I suggest you allow data to drive the discussion instead of silly failed moralizations. As a peer comment pointed out, Japan s drug policy is the most strict in the developed world - and it has a massive under-reported meth problem. I suspect the Emirates is similar and lower headline numbers come from lack of reporting - not lack of issues. Do you have some evidence to suggest your approach works? To my knowledge there really isn t any.Maybe it s time to start sympathizing with the drug users if you want to get rid of shady dealers and narcos. We ve tried it your way. It sucks.
So did you drop out?
I could be wrong, but I think you re missing the real point here. Wall Street firms are in the business of influencing markets to their favor. When I see Jamie Dimon or MS slamming bitcoin, I assume they re also readying a big buy in case their statements move the price a little bit lower. That kind of arbitrage is not illegal in bitcoin world yet . I don t think you should parse these kinds of statements in earnest. In fact, I think they indicate the opposite of what they say on their face.
I m a perfectionist.
If you were the guy working in the prison who is going to get stabbed to death by some inmate, you might feel differently.
How often do you handwrite?
My mom was the nurse empress of a large ICU at least tactically . The biggest issue is there s no product manager for your care. Each specialist doctor has an incentive to do as little as possible as often as possible to avoid having a death on their record, but to be able to bill. So the nurses usually are the most incentivized people to actually take care of you.From her point of view, the management ensured that the best care for patients happened when family was present, especially on irregular intervals, and for prisoners, who had a CO always watching and sometimes logging what happened.Her other big thing was hatred of EMRs. The loss of the clipboard made situational awareness tough.
Yes, that s basically it.2. The report we call it Dataset you build with the Narrator UI is a table that you can aggregate different ways, plot, and export including writing back to the warehouse as a materialized view 3. done optionally as part of 24. Yes, we keep anything written back to the warehouse up to date. You can control the cadence.Because of 4. we work well with BI tools like Looker. Once you have the data you want just point Looker to the right table in the warehouse.
Having all those examples on the same page is a really bad idea for mobile they all block each making it the page pretty much unusable.
Yes, insulators were and still are used between track blocks.The maximum length of a block with this system versions of which are still used today varies greatly depending on local conditions. I ve seen 2k to 10k feet as a general performance range.
So a 2000 computer with 8 cores that lasts 4 years 500 for power year 500 for support year is 1500 year or 0.17 hour. That s 0.021 core hour, and the difference is a small amount of profit for Amazon and a buffer for when the CPU is idle.The other factor is power. That 500 for power for a year won t be 500 if the CPU is running full-tilt all the time, it ll be much more. Modern CPUs are designed to be power-efficient when idle, and then be able to perform many computations quickly when demanded, even if this actually exceeds the hardware s ability to dissipate heat in which case the CPU throttles itself to avoid overheating . For computers used interactively by people i.e., laptops, desktops, but not servers , the workload tends to be extremely bursty, with the CPU doing nearly nothing most of the time waiting for the user to do something, and then suddenly having to do a lot of work quickly when demanded e.g., rendering a bloated webpage or watching a video .In short, CPU time isn t just being wasted modern CPUs are explicitly designed to be used this way.
Same here !
Perhaps the mechanism is to explode the bomb close enough to the surface of the asteroid to heat it with the x-ray pulse and cause ejection of debris from the surface--that would impart a reaction force on the asteroid. That s suggested in this article
That s a logical fallacy. Killing some with a skirt is misuse. Killing some with a device that was purposely made to kill someone isn t misuse. It might also be self-defence, man slaughter or any or a multitude of other things but you re not using the gun for something it wasn t designed to do.
Pruning is on the roadmap.
I never knew this either. This makes sense as when you tap on a propane tank they always sound empty, different than a metal tank of water. Even though it s a liquid and under extreme pressure, it s only the temperature that matters.
This is a great recent talk about this problem by the former NPM CTO in which she tells her story about NPM and proposes a new decentralized package manager
Is it possible to find legitimately nitrate-free bacon in the US? If so, under what brand?
wouldn t it be too cold to swim for most of the year?On the contrary. The ocean in Iceland have a surprisingly even temperature. And even if it is a cold period its a big thing to be swimming during winter in nordic countries. In addition to that, its not like you can control when you might fall in water. a place to be outside during winter without freezing to death.Thats extremely hyperbolic, the avg temperature in december in Reykavik is -1.2 celsius.
until the Thai experience democracy, neither you or anyone else actually knows how it will turn out.Unfortunately we do know how it turns out. The whole Shinawatra fiasco up until the coup shows how Thai democracy goes. I don t think anyone would call the years before the coup healthy.
I also enjoyed Ergo Proxy, Texhnolyze and Planetes. Ghost in the Shell is still the only movie I revisit every now and then out of all movies ever . They are all slow, I want to take the time to watch them again some day.Very different but I also enjoyed Naruto as I grew up myself. It s long but you can skip all fillers but sometimes very deep. I enjoyed Kenshin but never finished it.As mentioned below Samurai Champloo is also nice and Steins Gate nice, strange atmosphere and Death Note very psychological He thinks that I think that he thinks and I m smarter so... Love that. And One Punch Man, puts a smile on my face.If you want weird FLCL. What was that about?
Judging by your post history, you might be a software engineer. As such, you might benefit from a few specific tactics I haven t seen in other comments yet 1. Being an interviewer.2. Being a mentor. onboarding mentor, for example. 3. Join your workplace s Donut program, if it has one. I don t know what these are normally called, but at my job it s a thing where you get matched with a new random coworker every two weeks for a half-hour chat. The common thread of these tactics is you have the opportunity to meet new people in a mostly-familiar workplace context where you probably have more confidence and a greater sense of belonging. The more supportive environment lets you learn conversational skills that you can then deploy in more unfamiliar contexts like meetups or gyms.Not only that, but for 1 and 2 you -- hopefully -- get training shadowing opportunities before being thrown in the deep end.Between those three things, I ve had 1-1 or 1-1-1, for interviews conversations with 100 different people over 5 years. In retrospect, this has considerably reduced my social anxiety, although that had never been my explicit intent I was just trying to help learn etc. As with all things in life, YMMV. Obviously these tactics are workplace-dependent. And if the idea of mentoring or interviewing puts you in the panic zone brain shuts down , you might be advised to try some intermediate steps first.
and now Chile is the only country in the region in the OECD.It was only ratified in 2010 after being run by socialist governments for twenty years.
I tried signing up without VPN and gave up after a few days. Credit card verification succeeded but it seems they need to manually upgrade your account. Support couldn t tell me how long that would take system said 24h but took longer . And once that was done, you still can t order because you need to increase limits. I gave up at some point and went with another provider. Has been a long time that I ve encountered a system that takes several days until they allow you to spend money.
I m told that hunters drive quite a bit of conservation efforts for other animals as well.
A widely circulated video of the presumed victims showed them yelling Help, we are on the 16th Floor. We are out of oxygen. Our child is going to die. We are so out of oxygen. The victims were said to be calling for help on WeChat. Another video claimed that firetrucks couldn t get close to the district of the fire due to presumably Covid blockage. 0 0
Honestly I m surprised this doesn t happen more. While yes, it was a very kind gesture by Ulukaya to give his employees partial ownership, it also makes each of them much more involved in the long term success of the company. Putting a company on the stock market is selling it to people who are only interested in earnings for a few quarters at most, while employees will have interest in not only the growth of the company, but the sustainability of the operation.At least that s my impression of employee owned businesses, it seems like a smart economic move.
The following table describes the list of ideas copied from the paper I published. For the sake of clarity, I published my white paper in February 2019. Apple released Sign in with Apple in June 2019.So they copied it and released it, in 3 months?
I ve been using to track case numbers daily in the US. It has visibility down to the county level.
It seems that in this case we are talking about personal confidential data , which includes both.Their main page, , states Personal confidential data is data in which individuals are clearly identified, or there is a high risk of individuals being identified. This includes patient identifiable data, such as NHS number, Name, Adress, ... Personal confidential data also includes sensitive data which may include items such as Racial or ethnic origin, Political opinions, Physical or mental health condition, ...
On the surface, such a backdoored classifier behaves normally, but in reality, the learner maintains a mechanism for changing the classification of any input, with only a slight perturbation.Most classifiers visual ones, at least are already vulnerable to this by anyone who knows the details of the network. Is there something extra going on here?
Wtf
If you haven t already found it, you should look into IHP It aims to build the convenience of Rails on top of Haskell s powerful type system. I ve not yet built anything serious in it, but I ve been following its progress, and it s looking really good so far.
Why is it funny?
But they are so close to FSD. What are people going to think? People will take what they think is a small risk. Major improvements are being made to the vision stack every week. Beta button hopefully next month.This is a march of 9 s trying to get probability of no injury above 99.999999 of miles for city driving. Production Autopilot is already above that for highway driving. 6 17 PM Apr 14, 2021 UPDATETo be clear, I obviously understand they are not close to FSD. I m trying to get people to understand how many in the general public will view this.
Most people do not consider one side of a lawsuit to be all the facts
Listening to LSE podcast Risk savvy and mentions defensive decision making - where an intuition is to take decision A but fear of lack of defensibility if it goes wrong leads to recommending decision BThis is an interesting corollary to my never lie - and if you have any cultural affect on the company push for failure is good if we fail fast and learn from it Enjoy
Agreed, but just by the references, I assumed the poster was referring to the commercial rap hip-hop world, and specifically to the popular club oriented segment.What the poster said is pretty much true all around for anything in the most commercial space of music. Country music for instance has some pretty blatant product placement, too... but again, largely only at the most commercial space only the radio-friendly arena-rockish style . Jason Aldean for instance got an endorsement from Coors, and actually changed a song lyric in one single from Shiner Bock to Rocky Tops as a result. The same applies for the club friendly arena side of electronic dance music. A large percentage of them will include product placements, particularly for club lifestyle type products and or liquors of some sort.Overall, product brand name drops have increased heavily in the lyrics of top pop music over the last 20 years page. 48 .I personally find this type of product placement annoying, and prefer other strategies where companies gain presence without intruding into the music too much. Red Bull IMHO is an example here their focus tends to be on content marketing strategies, a strategy that has worked out well for them, and at least in music I find much less annoying .
Could do all that and fork over 100s , OR I could sit still and have most of that. That s my point its not attractive enough for the money, AND its damn annoying I have to refit so much just to get back to work. Add to that, the unmitigated gall of assuming I wanted any of that worthless stuff, and there s the emotional part.Reminds me of a coffee cup I bought at Wal-Mart for work. It had a transparent plastic sticker on it that would not come off, without leaving a gummy stain. Didn t come off in the wash. Think about it I buy something NEW and shiny, and the first thing I have to do is clean shit off of it? Maybe buy some other product to get the marketing crap to come off? Of course I respond emotionally, just as if I got a new car and found someone had dumped in the back seat.
Good point. I don t know that this explains everything, but it would be silly to think that this isn t at least part of it
They don t necessarily need to target normal people, it s possible that over time they have optimized their site to attract those with certain traits that are most profitable.
I think you missed the we part.
In 2017 appear.in published some numbers. They saw 15 were not able to do P2P. you for this. I guess P2P connectivity is more often possible than I thought! For the record, I have tried to form P2P connections with multiple different devices and multiple different network conditions, and although I have been able to achieve connectivity with Python, I have not been able to achieve connectivity with WebRTC. So I have reason to be suspicious about claims regarding web P2P connectivity. Reading your stackoverflow link my guess is that you aren t using STUN. A P2P connection can t be established without a NAT hole punch.I described NAT hole punching in my stackoverflow question, where I asked why isn t WebRTC doing this? I was using a STUN server edit I mixed up TURN and STUN servers and edited this post to fix that. My stackoverflow question has clear references to how I was trying to achieve connectivity - it has been a while so not everything is in clear memory for me.
Probably doesn t help that it seems like nutrition research does 180s every so often on pretty much every reported finding. That has probably as much to do with the hype surrounding actual research though, so I don t necessarily blame the researchers.
updated
Thanks - 10 was a typo. Updated to human .
Do you actually buy a new laptop every year? I feel that s a bit delusional. Year to year most upgrades are pretty minor.An argument can be made maybe every 3 years if you re doing some incredibly resource intense stuff.
I d recommend going to a local meetup around something you re interested in or think you might be interested in.If you re looking to make friends online, I think if you find a community for whatever you re interested in or passionate about and ask yourself how could I help this community? even if it s just being friendly and giving people advice on something, you understand that they don t you can get to meet really interesting people and you can form longtime friendships with them.Around 11 years ago I was working with some software in my job that I hadn t used before and found quite frustrating in places, so I joined the official forum and started asking questions, over period period of time I became quite friendly with a few of the folks on there and to this day, I m still really good friends with one - despite the fact, he s across the other side of the world and more than twice my age in fact, he s now retired . I have a few other stories similar to that.
The real solution is to stop executing untrusted code that was just downloaded from some random place on the internet. You can t both simultaneously optimize a runtime and secure it for untrusted execution. You have to execute it in a de-optimized manner to avoid any sidechannel leakage. We ll keep discovering these bugs until we do what we did to Java Applets.
It s interesting how DC goes from average performance on Switch to smooth 60 fps. I always wondered if it was related to Haxe and if it had home made Haxe optimization Haxe dev is one of the original DC devs .Switch is a constrained console and Haxe is dynamically typed. DC is a real world product with a long life many updates and DLC . Any information about limitation workaround it had to do would be very interesting to hear.Aside, DC is a very interesting game.
Or Tack . - No, of course the word you re after is tact . And even as a foreigner, it annoys the heck out of me when people mix them up which you didn t! , ususally as in take another tact when they mean take another tack where tack is a originally a sailing term for flipping the sail to the other side of the boat when going against the wind, IIUC so the expression means go in a slightly different direction . I m just riffing on Heikki s remark about foreign languages In my primary language, Swedish, tack means thank you but is also often used for Eng. please -- so Kan du ... , tack? means Could you ... , please? .
You could try janet
Sorry, I don t agree with making the world worse just for the sake of moneyIf I don t do it, someone else will .
And that is where Apple wins for me currently. I spend a lot of time in the terminal, and Windows just doesn t have that unix base that I m comfortable with.It literally runs native Linux with Windows subsystem for Linux
A few thoughts and questions What does the y in Tl4Ba Ba2Ca2Cu7Oy stand for?Google search for the chemical turns up surprisingly few hits for something like this...
Thanks for your comment. People don t anymore?
Is that still a good monitor vs 4k Dell offerings? Reasonable price here in Brazil.
If he cost the company 10k in lost engineering time with his mistake, it s only natural that they d feel hesitant, even if they legally owe him.
A lot of people that are conservatives live in areas where electric currently is just not feasible. The US is highly car dependent. Even in Nashville it can take an hour to get to the other side of the city sometimes. It s worse in more rural areas not even mentioning that electric cars are far more expensive for people that are middle to lower class. So, their pushback sometime is because it just makes their life worse.
Gram Parsons talks about eye contact at the end of this classic clip about how he met Emmylou Harris
I just took the TripleByte assessment for Mixpanel and over half of it was this kind of shit. Worse, they threw in multiple-choice design questions. No, I would not use any of the complicated sets of things you presented me in this case, and do not think any of them is the right answer.
It s also important to remember that one person is not the whole employer.
As a person who as been described as an activist investor by several angry businessmen, I ve never seen a shareholder or board member demand anything like that. The only thing that I can think of that would loosely fit your hypothetical scenario would involve a non-human shareholder like a hedge fund making the demand, at the behest of their lawyers. I suppose another potential loose fit would be a fresh business school grad whining about the absence of a moat - and this sort of thing being the best that legal could offer in response. In either case both legal and management is to blame legal for the bad council and management for not pushing back against something so stupid.
Could you share how do you accomplish this? I would love to make a similar one for my Hugo site. Thanks!
3d printing
I can t see how people tolerate Twitter s ad policy, I don t even use an ad blocker I white list JS but I find Twitter ads too annoying to use the service.
Sounds like the depiction of Gus Fring as manager of Los Pollos Hermanos.
neat! Of course, this makes me want to run React serverside...
Taxes, death, and Cisco acquiring a company..
No problem glad to participate! There s a lot of cynicism that leads to misinformation about how healthcare works, so I d like to clean that up. Let s attack and fix the broken parts of the system, but we should praise the working parts. I think patient privacy security is one of the few things the US gets mostly right about healthcare.Regarding the privacy policies these are created by the legal department and physicians in the department are told to distribute them and get signatures when necessary in order to do things by the book. However, your rights are inalienable and protected regardless of whether you actually receive the policy and sign the appropriate box. If you don t receive the policy, the healthcare institution is on the hook and could face a fine if reported to the DHHS. Things could absolutely be done more efficiently and clearer for patients, but there s a fear in changing things if it ain t horribly broke, don t fix it . Trying to improve how privacy policies are disseminated and patients informed could result in an inadvertent violation of HIPAA that results in large fines. So healthcare institutions are disincentivized from trying to improve things here.I reviewed the patient privacy policy for a few large institutions in the US, and it all seems to support what I m saying. For example, here s NYU s policy on business associates has additional policies here UCLA Health has similar policies here Every institution has essentially the same policies as they re all just a reflection of HIPAA.The only ways in which patient data can be shared with others are if 1 they re involved in your treatment e.g., your doctor at another hospital , 2 payment purposes e.g., insurance , 3 health care operations e.g., third party vendor software like EMRs, PACS, etc. All are required to be HIPAA compliant if they re covered entities i.e., healthcare institutions or sign a BAA with a covered entity that essentially puts the same HIPAA requirements on them. A violation again results in massive fines, C-suite level firings, and expensive legal fallout.
Speaking of AI, there s pretty interesting project which aims at creating 0AD bot that uses hierarchical planning, not just some random heuristics
It may well be. I looked it up on wikipedia now, assuming you re talking about Non-agression principle . I m not sure I understand. Anyway, have a nice day.
Some calculus and linear algebra. The majority is linear algebra.
why the hell isn t there an instruction in every processor to efficiently copy from arbitrary source to arbitrary destination with maximum bus efficiency?Uh, you re not an hardware designer and it shows.. What if there s a page fault during the copy, you handle it in the CPU? That said, have a look at RISC-V vectors instruction not yet stable AFAIK and ARM s SVE2 both should allow very efficient memcpy among other things much more easily than with current SIMD ISA.
The idea of a completely open company is interesting. Balanced is not completely open yet? because there are still financial info and salary info that is not public. Gittip is an example of a fully open organization where every single aspect is open. Personally I work at Mozilla which is not fully open but we strive to be as open as possible. For example, salary info is only public for board members, not all employees. Also, Mozilla needs to keep severe security bugs private until all patches are out in order to minimize wild exploits. It is definitely a challenge to be a fully open company.
If you remove proof-of-work, then the question then becomes what else do you measure consensus by? A few other crypto currencies have tried other metrics but they all aim to for the same thing removing the need for human trust.
So then it would be fine if a parent bought such a book and donated it to a school library?
He may also want to read this
Code can be underabstracted, but it can also be overabstracted - and abstracted with the wrong abstractions. And fixing the latter sometimes involves a temporary stay at untestable mess of big God classes when you remove the bad abstractions to clear the way for creating better ones. Not because it s the best code - far from it - but because it s slightly less terrible code. And using public fields in a non trivial project is a sure receipt for disaster.Ergo, all non trivial C projects are disasters? Well, maybe, but I disagree on the reasons.Language enforced encapsulation is a useful tool, but some people take it to the deep end and assume that if their math library s 3D vector doesn t hide float z in favor of void set_z float new_z and float get_z const one of which will probably have a copy paste bug because hey, more stupid boilerplate code , they ll have a sure receipt for disaster. Which I suspect you d agree is nonsense - but would also follow from reading your words a little too literally.
I daily openSUSE Tumbleweed on a Thinkpad X1 Yoga, and while I don t use the 2-in-1 functionality a lot, I ve found it to be a solid experience.
Sounds like an opt-in to know who has opted-out .
I interned at a Lockheed facility which is now a nice strip mall . The classified things are behind closed doors or in your computers. The labs where you d work on classified equipment were behind coded doors, so they just wouldn t take anybody there. They really checked too. One time I was waiting for my friend to finish something in a non-classified lab that still had the code on the door. I was literally falling asleep for a couple of hours doing nothing so I decided not to charge those hours. A few weeks later my manager invited me into his office to reprimand me for not charging the hours because they audited the doors and knew where I was for how long. I got overtime because they tracked what was going on so well.
I am with Jesus on this one Beware of practicing your righteousness before other people in order to be seen by them, for then you will have no reward from your Father who is in heaven. Thus, when you give to the needy, sound no trumpet before you, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that they may be praised by others. Truly, I say to you, they have received their reward. But when you give to the needy, do not let your left hand know what your right hand is doing, so that your giving may be in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will reward you.
I think it s harder to verify obscure code than to write it in the first place.I ve seen perfectly legit looking code generated by chatgpt, except that the value of the constants were wrong.When you have to verify every single little thing, it s easier to just do it. And certainly doesn t take any less skill.
nearly 80 of the internet is running on PHP as of 2018. I ve heard claims like this for years. They almost never explain their methodology for calculating market share among the entire web. The site linked actually shows its methodology and it proves that the author is using the statistic incorrectly.Under methodolgies We investigate technologies of websites, not of individual web pages. If we find a technology on any of the pages, it is considered to be used by the website.This does not prove that 80 of the web is powered by PHP, but rather 80 of websites studied had PHP running in some capacity, under the same domain.It would be wildly inaccurate to assess from that, that nearly 80 of the internet is running on PHP as of 2018. as claimed.Google.com may have a wordpress blog for press releases running somewhere under their domain... that hardly means google is powered by wordpress.Also, for example it would be totally wrong to say Facebook is powered solely by PHP.
Archived version without paywall registerwall
DRM exists to counter piracy. Without DRM, the publishers authors have to rely on the end customer, who, more often than not, will encourage piracy either by sharing our not buying through official channelsThe concerns raised are against corporations clumsy implantations and you have to make your case heard against them.
Yeah, this is the safe way to do speculative investing when the asset price goes up, at one point or another you can take out your original investment, and the rest becomes pure profit . At that point the worst case scenario is that you break even.
other than thatThat s... a pretty big that
I wonder could endorphins play their role. Production of endorphins are triggered by pain in the muscles when excercising, and athlete becomes accustomed to it and as I heard even addicted to a physical activity. When athlete stops her sports career, physical activity levels suddenly drops, so no more cheap endorphins. At the same time she face a problem of resocialization into normal lifestyle. Patterns in her mind know the only way to be happy, to work hard, to excercise and to win. I suppose it can be hard, very hard. Especially a first year after retirement.But Twigg s case seems more complicated for me than that. Her lifestyle suspiciously in harmony with her mother kicked her out of home when she was just 16.
His moral lessons are mostly facile and poorly explained and similar ideas were expressed by the greek philosophers earlier.Read any Hindu upnishads especially Bhagwad Gita 0 . Chapter 16 especially defines the code of conduct for good peoples. Here is the opening statement.श र भगव न व च अभय सत त वस श द ध र ज ञ नय गव यवस थ त द न दमश च यज ञश च स व ध य यस तप आर जवम 1 अह स सत यमक र धस त य ग श न त रप श नम दय भ त ष वल ल प त व म र दव ह र रच पलम 2 त ज क षम ध त श चमद र ह न त म न त भवन त सम पद द व मभ ज तस य भ रत 3 renunciation, peacefulness, restraint from fault-finding, compassion toward all living beings, absence of covetousness, gentleness, modesty, and lack of fickleness vigor, forgiveness, fortitude, cleanliness, bearing enmity toward none, and absence of vanity.Bible on the other hand is directed responsibility for the dark ages in which people were tortured for having different beliefs, women were burned for witch craft, believers in other gods were eliminated brutally. Scientists were killed for stating their theories. Remember Bruno was burned on stake for merely saying earth revolves around the sun. World history is filled with divine crimes sanctioned by Bible. There are hundreds of examples to read from history. For example Goa inquisition in which is Indians were tortured to death not because they didn t believe in Jesus. But because they also continued to believe in the gods they used to worship 1 .There are enough references in the Bible. One only needs to read it critically. 0
There isn t anything wrong here.One of the confusing issues is that people say, I m only using 15 of my CPU, the fans should not be coming on. What they don t realize, is that using 1 core running at turbo speeds is only going to show up as 15 of the CPU, but draw enough power and create enough heat to trigger the fans!Another thing that some of these posters are not aware of, is that running these temperature fan speed monitoring applications can use quite a bit of power! They re drawing all these fancy graphs, the applications are usually poorly optimized. Even the Mac OS Activity Monitor is a hog in Catalina for some reason and can take 15-20 of a CPU all by itself.And that doesn t even take into consideration all the other apps people have running. You can see in their screenshots or menu bar they have Dropbox, 3rd party wireless keyboard mouse programs, they might have 10 things running in just their menubars! They need to look in the Activity Monitor s Power section to see what the real culprit is.Plugging an external monitor into your MacBook will enable the dGPU and that will create more power draw, this is nothing new the workload, not the monitors you have plugged in.I posted a picture in the MacRumors thread with 4 externals 4K, 2x1440, 1x1080 plugged into my base model 16 and it idled in the 50 degree range with no audible fan noise. Once I started streaming video and opening apps, the fans then started, as expected.
I think the deployment is the weakest point of the Docker ecosystem.The reason why I am using Docker is the forced honesty on the environment side, if your app runs on your laptop it does not mean it will run on the production boxes. If the Docker container runs on your laptop it gives you higher confidence that it will run on the production infra. No missing JARs, environment variables, misconfigured classpaths, etc.
If you can t measure what s important, then what you do measure becomes important
Rough impression national lab type places are largely career dead ends that are suitable for post docs and other academic types. Non tenure track engineers will be treated as third class slave labor, likely poorly paid relative to industry. Non transferable skill set development, work on non interesting non impactful stuff. Maybe unfair but basically accurate.
I think the right balance is one of liability. There is a person responsible and can be creative as to how he creates the report. But if there is something wrong with the report, he would be responsible same as if he wrote the report himself.I for one welcome new technology to reduce human error and biases.This I don t understand He said automating those reports will ease the police s ability to harass, surveil and inflict violence on community members. While making the cop s job easier, it makes Black and brown people s lives harder. This premise is anything that makes a police officers job easier means they can do more policing, which equates to making the lives of some people worse?
There s more to screen quality than just pixels.
That s not been true ever since the development of good password managers.A lot of people do not trust password managers, case in point the recent last pass scare.You want passwords to your key accounts to be 1 memorable 2 strong 3 only in your head. For these, I think the article is fairly relevant.
I use lego everywhere. You download it from github or build it with go, drop it in a bin folder, run it first time and set up a cronjob. That s it. No on site deps, no interpreters, no venv.
I would argue that this represents an almost trivial minority sentiment today, in contrast to a pervasive belief among IS militants and supporters.
The syntax is a complication to implement, not to just program with.
That s neat and impressive, but that s all they have. They don t have a high end. For 3000 you can get a top end gaming PC. There s no amount of money you can spend on a Mac to equal that.I think you re missing the point that parent and Siracusa made - Apple invests a signficant into the software and graphics stack, only to fumble it at the last minute by not having high-end graphics hardware, and caring enough to court triple A game developers to their platforms, despite them creating and maintaining Metal and this 20k-line WINE patch.There s this weird mismatch of Apple dedicating a non-trival amount of time in their keynote to Mac Gaming as if it s supposed to be impressive to finally play a 4 year old game on a Mac because they don t ship high-end graphics devices.
AFAIK no disk hardware or filesystem supports _actual_ byte writes, and never has. They all work by reading in a block say 512 bytes minimum , changing the bits you asked it to and writing the new block out. So it s no extra effort to simply write the new block to a different location.
Many people don t realize how hard it used to be to communicate just a few decades ago, especially across countries. Phone rates were ridiculously high dollars per minute at times and there was no email IM.When my dad went to Germany for work in the 80s, my family used the phone for urgent matters and paper letters for long reads . Letters would take a couple of weeks to get there from South America, and a couple more weeks to come back with the answer, leading to a 4-6 week roundtrip.
They seem to be accent dependent.
That or they have terrible management that forces them to work late. Been there myself.
Not sure if American English has the phrase to throw up but to my English brain this title conjures up a very amusing but strange image. vomit
Law of Focus
Worked for a company once who boasted surviving the hard times of the dot com bubble by selling their headquarters and renting it back until things got better.Has this happened yet or are owners still holding onto their real estate for own use?
That was before they decided that it was OK to demand passwords and so on.I understand that it was not decided, that it s just a proposal a terrible, stupid, terrible proposal but just a proposal .
Yes.
Hey curious about downvote honestly, want to know why . I didn t see anything saying that was a bad idea in the HN guidelines felt the typo was one where I had to do a double-take and make sure it wasn t some purposeful acronym. So, I posted a quick note since it looked like the HN poster also was the article writer, and my comment would drift to the bottom quickly and wouldn t get too far in the way of a larger discussion.I could see maybe I should have made my comment more verbose so someone wouldn t interpret it as being short or something? Or is there an unwritten rule about not making quick editorial comments?
Elixir has a similar concept with doc tests comments docs for the method can have demonstration code that is executed when you run your tests, ensuring your docs remain accurate.It s a great pattern.
Unelected career justices that make really dumb mistakes when it comes to basic facts
Management is asking for my stock certificates so that they have quick access to them in the event the company is acquired. That sounds suspicious on many levels.For one thing, they already should know exactly how much equity each employee has.If they don t have those kinds of records, then they re probably going to have a hard time passing a due diligence review by a potential acquirer.
You may be onto something. Most of the people seemed to have been mollified by the ability to share their plight with others via social media or gorging on streaming. Internet made current issues somewhat acceptable in that regard.If the internet went down, people might not like the silence and their own thoughts.I initially thought ISPs removed data caps and all those for WFH, but now I think it is part of the effort to keep the society intact.
getting recently getting some poor feedback. Confusing situation. Wondering if I should just quit? Is career salvageable? I solved the business biggest issue.Sounds bad, but I ve experienced the same. I don t think I d come across very well or as sharp as I usually in interviews at the moment without a break.Yes, take a break.Do what you think is good. Been in a similar situation and I regret that I didn t leave early and after that didn t take a longer break earlier.
I think GP is referring to people like Elon Musk, who have a personal brand built around the idea that they re rational people who make data-driven decisions based on logic and yet twist themselves into fascinating rhetorical shapes trying to argue that human colonization of Mars is possible, necessary and also imminent. I think they do this because they recognize that some small amount of our resources won t actually be enough to do anything on Mars in the coming century, and they want to go to Mars in their lifetime.
The control room actually kind of reminds me of the control rooms for old computers in the 1950 s.
Yes, agreed, Qt is saner. Also the Borland C libraries were usually ok.
Religion does not have a place in science.
I m afraid we won t see this limit getting hit in our lifetimes though. The gap is way too many orders of magnitude.
I used CashApp Taxes for three years now was Credit Karma . It s free and has the same thing as TurboTax.
I find that a very strange statement for a supposedly conscious being to make. Consciousness does absolutely objectively exist, or at least I can say it does for me. That its existence is not objectively measurable doesn t mean it doesn t exist, it just means that the philosophy of empiricism is not complete.
It s a combo of a half-dozen strains, so I assume it s just easier to use the short brand name instead of listing them all over and over throughout the paper.
realizing it was never going to work how I liked. You can t have it all with the mouse no matter your settings so I went back to just using the cursor to move things around.These tools vim, tmux, etc. work great for mouseless setups. If you can get comfortable with a 100 keyboard control paradigm, it might work for you. I realize this might not be what you want, but if the statement spend less time moving your hand between keyboard and mouse resonates, it s worth revisiting.
Its only data for flows going through IEX, less than 3 market volume
Thanks, I ll see how far I get. Would be nice if I could make it until the winged hussars arrive...
I really don t like how the source information isn t available. Someone at a library or archive put effort into preserving and scanning things but that s all omitted, and if you want any other metadata you ll likely need to do a reverse image search. This also makes me wonder how reliable the public domain labeling actually is.Infinite scrolling looks cool but also means you can t easily get back to any given result.
Even gamers hate gamification. External rewards often decrease activity, as the convert anything into a chore.
He probably has a very good macro-view of things but unless it s strategically relevant to what his part of the org is doing I don t think he cares about what languages are used and what runs on the servers.
People using automation will push out people who lack the skills to use automation.This is an understandable sentiment because it s been true for all of the history of automation, but I really don t think you re grokking the implications of truly pervasive automation. The using of automation can and will be automated, so the skills to use automation will eventually not be useful skills. The people who fall behind won t benefit because they don t contribute.People don t accumulate resources by contributing them. The people who benefit the most from automation are those who use automation to accumulate more resources including more automation .The people who accumulate the most resources generally have some projects which create the impression of being prosocial, but the mental illness which causes one to amass huge amounts of wealth, makes one unsuitable to be in charge of prosocial projects. For example, I fully support space exploration, but I really don t think the guy who thinks we should put slaves on Mars is the guy who is best suited to be in charge of that.The future I fear is one in which the same sociopaths who have been sucking all the resources out of society for themselves no longer need to even pretend to care about the rest of us, because they no longer need workers, since workers are automated.
wow this is amazing. clearly this lady was ahead of her time typing cheesecake into the address bar and expecting search results.
I posted this on another thread. If you only want the commits, something like this works, ssh user git.example.com mkdir project-1.git cd project-1.git git init -bare exit git remote add alternate user git.example.com project-1.git All you need is SSH
I actually prefer to open images in new tabs. I do use the keyboard shortcuts though. If I had to use the mouse to switch I d probably go insane too.
Oh one really important one I forgot to mention... The Eagles that LITERALLY RAIN FIRE FROM THE SKY...
And lose all their contacts, and have to communicate to them that they lost their account and had to get a new one.
Yes. Something like 1. Download and install a wiki application to each computer we use, including pocket ones.2. Editing the wiki on each computer saves to offline local storage.3. An option to define a personal central server is available in settings. If this is activated and our login credentials are set each app auto-syncs with server automatically whenever wifi is available or a sync button on the top-right of the viewport is activated. Furthermore, an open source example implementation of this server, perhaps powered by sandstorm.io and Google App Engine, is made available.In other words, an open source app on each owned computing device editable using WikiWords that automatically create w WikiWords pages, synchronized across devices. Bonus points for eventual options to publish a version of the wiki and make it editable by anyone, perhaps using Git got this idea from the Manage Your Knowledge section of Andy Hunt s Pragmatic Thinking and Learning that I warmly recommend to anyone interested in learning.
I feel like it s easy for the vocal minority to overpower the conversation here the people who don t really care about the delay probably don t feel the need to say anything.So, for what it s worth. The delay isn t a huge deal to me. When it finally ships it looks like it will be the cheapest and yet most well designed product in the space.
It d be interesting to compare it with red-lang.org Parse DSL.
I ve had this experience with Ally bank. Their SMS-only 2FA, lack of international wire transfers, and compete failure to work with Plaid drive me insane, but I m still using them because I get a kind, helpful human every time I call.
That would reduce his standing to a Kim Jong Un level. He would not be able to un-ring that bell. And the first country to launch nukes loses. They might even win that war, but in the international stage what they end up with won t look like peace.
Surely there s an easier, legal and potentially cheaper solution open to any government that wants to shut down bitcoin buy up each and every bitcoin they can lay their hands on.I would have thought it would wreck havoc with the market there s no reason why the government couldn t use multiple fronts rather than buying under the same wallet , and past a certain point make it impossible to trade in bitcoin without inducing a headache.However, I accept that I know next-to-nothing about how money markets really work please let me know where I might be going wrong
get the impression this sort of blog post is a new form of clickbait. You won t believe what one word this AI refuses to say!
Dukhovny has also publicly announced his intention to build a cheaper version, called the Model Z, that sells for just 35,000 by 2030.In October, Dukhovny told Reuters that the proposed Model Z would be not more complicated than a Toyota Corolla, and should therefore have a similar price range. Sounds like another why don t you just answer to incredibly complex technical problems.
no, what you describe is not an argument against EMH not defending the poster, I have no idea if the poster understands this, but your critique is faulty and is explained by standard finance theory.
AFAIK guns were banned by the Tokugawa Shogunate during the Sakoku period till the Meiji revolution gun ownership is still very limited in Japan even today.
those do not apply to the laptop hardwareThey apply to the person s data.
Hey look, the cancer is spreading.Though, I m sure that the people here will justify Uber s merely superficial bad behavior. After all, silicon valley can do no evil, and accumulating profit at all costs is the best way to advance human society, right? Stay classy HN.
Certainly a cool app. It s a bit worrying you can store hidden files in someone s Dropbox folder though.
This propeller push the water air inward again, so I guess it would most logical to place it in the back of an airplane?Or move it to the back of the wing.
Serilog to me is a much more modern logging solution. Allows us to pipe logs to table storage sqlserver loggly logentries docdb azure event hub ... its the backbone of our app - really just awesome
I have been given a job offer with a car company to work in their research division in which they plan to develop more electric vehicles to take on Tesla.I am still on the fence but the job sounds interesting, its just that its a big corporate and I am skeptical they will be able to take on Tesla s monopoly on electric vehicles.
I went the same route. After six years of freelancing and remote work, I decided to head back to a permanent job and into the office to seek out the community that it offers.
Small files should be in arrow avro parquet if your architecture allows one should strive for this from the beginning .
A country with rather rigid castes and 40,000 endogamous groups is likely never going to be high trust. Colonialism if anything cut against these two facts.Don t know about China, but they do have an issue with colonialism going back centuries and centuries, even if the Han culture eventually conquered the invaders.
What actually happens is that they get interviewed repeatedly. If they get caught in a lie like Martha Stewart , they face criminal penalties for perjury. If they keep their story straight, they are acquitted.
These are problems created by concepts. Drop concepts, ideally. Or change your concepts if that is easier.
Touchscreen controls are the feature on my Tesla I dislike most. Try poking a small icon an arms length away while bouncing over typical Midwest roads and you ll see that it s impossible to do while keeping your eyes on the road. Physical controls would be fantastic, but at the very least they could Radically improve the ability to control the car with the scroll wheels on the steering wheel. I don t mean assigning certain functions to the buttons, I mean having a cursor I could glance at, then put my eyes back on the road while I click right twice, up once, click again and then scroll to change whatever. For the love of all that is holy, ANCHOR controls to the top or bottom of the screen where you can brace your hand on the bezel while trying to poke the buttons. Pretty much the opposite of the fan control that is right in the center of the screen.
It s not pick a topic to discuss , it s pick a topic that you can spend five minutes doing a complete lesson on , sprung as a surprise question.
When I was a bit older I made a primitive calculator in Delphi... you had to enter things in postfix notation, I think, because I couldn t figure out how to do the normal kind.
If symbolic action is your cup of tea, might I suggest taking a look at my side project, Brian s Taskforce. The model is a hybrid between petition sites and charitable giving. The basic idea is to propose local improvement ideas and put down symbolic donations to charity alongside those ideas to emphasize how important the ideas are to you. The powers-that-be then can see more than just a number of votes but see a dollar amount that is going to good causes if they take action. not had a whole lot of luck drumming up interest. But then, I m terrible at that. While the original intent was to use it for local improvements, I later added national and business-oriented subdomains.I ve been trying to get my local town of El Segundo California to make several changes that would amount to modest but noticeable quality of life improvements for me by putting 1,000 bounties on each. For example, paving better sidewalks along portions of my daily walking commute. But so far, my only successes have been in convincing local businesses to make some small changes.I believe in the concept, but I think a volume is necessary and I don t have nor have I yet developed the skill to create the volume.
I think this isn t nearly so bad as forcing an early termination of two weeks notice.I had a job pretty recently, was senior tech and was eager to please, which ended up meaning having to take the hard after hours calls no one else wanted to handle. It also meant I eventually became the only on-call tech for over 4 months straight. This in turn meant I knew the most about all of our accounts, knew the most about their systems, scheduling for jobs as well as subcontractors, I handled it all, right down to installing the CCTV systems at our new location, single handedly.When I decided I d had enough of being taken advantage of and being lied to, I gave my two weeks notice.They assumed I was going to work for a competitor I wasn t I was taking some much needed personal time , and they fired me on the spot. While walking me out they also informed me that since they had my resignation letter if I tried to claim unemployment they would use it to claim I had resigned. I didn t care as I wasn t in need of unemployment I was just even happier now about leaving. They were rude, talked down to me and belittled me all the way out.2 hours after I left the calls began how do we how does this this job s permits how do we log into . I politely told them to fuck off. They even went so far as to have other workers call text me asking the same questions ver batim.I will never again give 2 weeks notice unless I have in writing they must give me 2 weeks notice upon release for any reason other than something illegal.This person offered an ultimatum and their employer made a choice. I just don t think its as bad as early termination of 2 weeks notice.
This approach has classist implications. See also unpaid internship.
Qr codes are pretty cool just a shame it never really took off.
700 older comments when the original annoucement was made about 8h earlier
I think you hit the nail on the head about being cenetered around the car. Cities are built at car-scale where every store has a massive parking lot usually the size of 5-6 soccer pitches directly infront of the building. It s usually outright hostile to pedestrians. Unfortunately this is a byproduct of our cities being built in the age of the Automobile and not in 1000AD like Oslo.Unfortunately the only way to fix it would be to have city ordinances which specify parking maximum and maximum offset from the street for a building.
I think respectable papers would go out of business if they followed suit. They are usually respectable because they dont rely on a outside organisation for funding, but instead rely on creating good journalism people want to pay for.
We re in the middle of a big cultural reckoning with the business friendly or win win economics ethos of management consulting having been the guiding star for most large public service and non-profit organizations for the past few decades.Anand G s Winners Take All summarizes the problems with this approach and his arguments in that book are slowly becoming more mainstream. On top of that, Pete Buttigieg s status as a McKinsey alum running for President makes it particularly salient.
That s the idea, but considering Uber Lyft drivers are deemed contractors the line has clearly blurred in recent years.
Fantastic. I am very much looking forward to the book!
that doesn t matter to me for the most partI think that s key. When people really care they are the ones who ask the product project service how they can support them.The truth might be that people don t value reading most articles. I know that starting a newspaper is a huge investment, but I guess people just don t care. It might be because we don t have time to read, we get news from Facebook, no idea--but that much seems to be true.
The only thing that happens in car factories is the engine is bolted into the car. Engines aren t made in those factories, they re made in separate factories. Changing to BEV cars just means you ship in an electric motor and battery and bolt those into the body instead of an ICE. The only significant difference is having to deal with safety concerning the higher voltage of a battery pack, but that s not very hard and the battery probably isn t charged before assembly anyway .
There is just such a disconnect with reality here I am having a hard time thinking the author has done any actual technical recruiting.Agreed. Not to mention that the author leans very heavily on the notion of great engineers as if that describes even a small fraction of candidates. In hundreds of technical interviews across a decade of interviewing in multiple industries, I can count on one hand the number of actually great engineers I ve encountered. 99 of everyone who calls themselves a senior software engineer is mediocre at best. I d rather hire someone who can do the specific work I need them to do who isn t otherwise very good at engineering, because that means I can fill the role after two interviews instead of twenty.
I had to be sure there wasn t a Mandella effect. The logo plate had e reflecting the legacy of the Apple . Also seen on the c . Then the later Platinum version went to IIe since it was in the Macintosh IIgs era.The Apple in the ROM I d guess came from how hastily they had to regroup after the Apple wasn t successful.
That s why I bought a smart watch with old LCD display - 20 days of battery at least
P100D a reverse lookup of the hash posted above yields this 5 days ago,
Posted in another reply.
Another way to look at it is that lobbying distorts free speech. Instead of each person having an equal, free, say, a person with more money has a greater say , if that makes sense. Sooner or later we ll have to work out whether free speech or true as far as representation goes democracy is more important to us.
It goes beyond kicking someone out of the bar to not allowing someone to open a bar.This analogy doesn t work. Anyone can open their own bars on the Web. Reddit and Voat are the bars here. Voat was created because they were kicked off of Reddit. Voat even mimics Reddit in terms of functionality.
I love the article and I ve done some similar things but I found These are solvable, though. I know because I built a solution a web app with a chatbot interface that remembers what I say in every session so I never have to repeat myself. to be a bit funny. Either the author has discovered the secret to text bots having no memory or they don t quite understand how they work yet.
This is correct, age discrimination was the most recent addition to the anti-discrimination laws.
That s a list of accusations though, actual credible reports on BBC bias tend to show its not very biased.Most people want it be biased in their favor.
Between Equifax and today Exactis both leaking 300M records it s not really a question of if, but rather how many times have I been pwned...
Game programming patterns, Game scripting mastery
Many modern CPUs most 64-bit ARM, AMD Ryzen, Intel Goldmont to Tremont and Ice Lake Tiger Lake have instructions to compute SHA1.On these computers computing SHA1 may have much better throughput than any suitable non-cryptographic hash.
Check out, I am the curator of these newsletters.
NoRedInk Full-Stack Engineers, Senior Full-Stack Engineers, Principal Full-Stack Engineers, Frontend Accessibility Engineers, Growth Engineers, Quality Assurance Engineers, and Engineering Managers REMOTE from time zones between and including Pacific Time PST through Central European Time CET We re a growing ed-tech company on a mission to help all students become better writers! NoRedInk is used by 1 in 2 school districts in the US, and students have answered over 5 billion questions on our platform. If you re looking to join a team of friendly people who listen to and learn from each other, discuss past mistakes openly as we adapt to the challenges that come with progress, all while realizing our mission, then you ll be excited to learn more about us.Our colleagues span six time zones, California to Berlin and points in between, with lively discourse flowing freely across Slack, Zoom, and the office when we re able to be there. Wherever we re working from, we ve always delighted in our work to ship new features beginning with our curriculum and product teams, designers, through to testing by our dedicated quality assurance folks that put teachers and students first. 1 Our engineering team 2 takes prides in producing innovative, maintainable software. We use the cutting-edge Elm programming language for all our front-end development. Our back-end is primarily Ruby on Rails by lines of code, though we re actively moving toward Haskell the majority of our traffic now goes through a Haskell service. We use Amazon AWS for our infrastructure orchestrated primarily using Kubernetes. We write a lot of tests, and use Jenkins for continuous integration. We ve also developed and maintain several useful open-source projects. 3 You can read about our experiences with these technologies on our team blog. 4 We re looking for engineers who want to work on a mission that makes a difference and who are the type of collaborators that value kindness and open-mindedness. If that s you, you can learn more about our interview process 5 and on-boarding experience 6 , and you should definitely apply through our jobs page! 7 1
I ll agree that WikiLeaks died for me when they released the helicopter video, but not because of some sort of grand conspiracy. It was because they editorialized the story into the ground. They weren t releasing unadulterated pure data and allowing people to analyze the data they were attempting to force people into a certain manner of thinking.That s when I realized WikiLeaks was just the same as any major media outlet.
There are also a lot of people who know nothing and struggle to understand anything new and don t either brag about it or have any deeper field on understand. They can also usually tie their shoelace.
How does this work out for open source delevopers Microsoft is providing a covenant not to sue open source developers for development or non-commercial distribution of implementations of these protocols. Open source ! non-commercial. RedHat, Novell, etc... can and do sell open source solutions that provide interoperability with Microsoft products. It seems to me that this is a move to make Microsoft protocols the de facto standard while still wielding the power to sue competitors who use them.
The end of peasantry was long before the rise of corporate, industrialised agriculture.Like so many human activities, fashions, and innovations, the reduction in numbers required to work the land started off providing a benefit and ultimately went much too far. Looking at the destruction such as algal blooms in countless water courses from over fertilisation, steady soil erosion, loss of wild flora and fauna caused by industrialised agriculture and the colossal fields with a single crop, as far as the eye can see in every direction, it s hard to call it progress. It s change. Milk in shops is older than it was, homogenisation allows older milk to pass without notice. It s not progress, and hasn t been for quite some considerable time.We have large, pretty, consistent fruit and vegetables, but there s been a 50 decline in nutrient content since the war, and a similar decline in taste -- frequently replaced by sugars. We ve hugely increased systemic risk from use of monocrops as all it takes is a single virulent disease to put the entire world s production at risk -- see bananas.Even the productivity gains are overstated. On the old mixed, family farm the raw individual crop productivity was far lower, but the chickens, pigs and plants overlapped such that the waste of one provided food or fertiliser for the others, the animals provided some degree of pest control, and as a whole the productivity was far better than usually assumed.Industrialisation begets simplification, begets monoculture, for the sake of profit not progress.
How hard is it to come up with a object format more like a data structure format since I wouldn t want logic code being passed around and then come up with a standard text serializer for it? Not that hard, in my opinion.You d standardize it once via an RFC and you d be done with it.I don t think your problem is as big as you say it is.The real problem is that this pile of code we already have kind of works and it s already making trillions for its users. Changing the whole ecosystems would cost millions and millions, for only a very long term and unclear benefit.In other words, worse is better.
Yeah, people don t know that everything that last long is pfas. Tires are a great example.
And the majority of the users of Hacker News are also based in the US.Is this really the case?Even if it s true, I wouldn t say this is anything to be proud of or something to uphold. Why not use international standards to make the place more welcoming the the majority of the world?
I think this is the problem with many judgement sports , literally too much politics into it see 2008 olympics wrestling scandal, suspending of all Rio Olympics boxing judges or the Pelletier Sale olympic figure skating scandal .Honestly most of these sports are losing popularity and money over unfair judging whilst athletics celebrates superstars like Usain Bolt that then draws crowds and new talents to these sports.
I d love that so much. I get paid a noncompete and can go on to work for someone else and how are they going to find out?
But not unheard of
Because of the nature of FRP, you can t do much except for Euler integration.
How do humans handle edge cases anyways?I think it comes down to being able to model the world around us, having a model for human behavior, animal behavior, etc. If we see a baby deer, we look for the mother deer.It feels like we re also really good at creating multiple open-ended stimulations in the back of our mind about how things might play out, where they can easily be paused or fleshed out depending on which became more probable or if we want to learn something. It s kind of a running background process.
Yes, but people were dying en-mass from methanol poisoning
And please, please fix the SQL code. It isn t helping noobs it s not even valid SQL , and it s an eye-sore for people who know how to insert 3 variables into the DB.
If China didn t support Russia the war would have been over by now.
I think it s trickier than that. People wouldn t trust the answers. At least with ads, you can see that it s an ad. And it seems like there would be liability issues to having your AI saying Use X product because... vs passively displaying an ad. And since LLMs are non-deterministic, you d have the risk that it says something that the advertiser wouldn t want. Advertisers would probably be scared of that. I think OpenAI s plugins look like a better fit. Just tell the model what you want and it interacts with services directly. I assume OpenAI is getting a cut of that?
Now that the shit is finally hitting the crypto fan, banning discussions of crypto on HN would be perverse.
It is very confusing, because for everything else i.e file sizes the standard is bytes.No, this isn t true. It was true once, but things have changed. Now there are two standards, one based on multiples of two, the other based on multiples of ten more topically, kibibit 1.024 kilobitI m not saying this is why ISPs use bits per second, but it certainly would serve as an explanation in the absence of a better one. Bits per second mean the same thing in all current schemes for describing a quantity of data or its velocity.
No, but we did make use of 1 a large number of input - network - output iterations, along with 2 precisely measured output values to decide which input to try next. It may not be so easy to experiment in the same way on natural organisms ethically or otherwise .Of course, if you re as clever as Tinbergen, you might be able to come up with patterns that fool organisms even without 1 or 2
I like to watch the talks on CPPCon on youtube never attended it though seems to be a very interesting conference.
Convincing people to use gender-neutral pronouns for you and convincing them that you are not male are two entirely different things. That is all.And I m telling you that it definitely does. I would venture to guess that you have convinced zero people that you are not maleThis is untrue. But it depends on the venue. And in many cases succeeding at this changes how people treat me. but I made no statement about how pronoun preferences are an undue burden or how you should be ashamed you made that up yourself.No. You re just here to represent the I will never accept what you re saying squad.
But inflection in spoken language is redundant to a large degree with facial expression.I don t know how you d possibly attempt to objectively quantify that degree, but my guess is that you re understating it. The entire deaf community is probably not mistaken about which means of communication are the most effective for them.
Sideload uYouPlus uYouExtra with Altstore
Private prisons are only part of the revenue generated from the war on drugs. Civil forfeiture is a huge income stream for local and federal. They basically wait for the drug dealers to sell their drugs and then catch them with the money and take it. Some police departments allot for 35 or more of their annual budget to come from civil forfeiture. Add to that the amount of federal money received to fight the war. Also fines and fees. There is a lot of money changing hands and jobs being created by prohibition.
There s a lot more depth to your insight than you may know. My favorite book of all time is The Evolution of Cooperation. The book basically takes a biology question, and uses basic game theory and simulations to explore the idea of cooperation between species. The remarkable thing is that given certain evolutionary parameters, the cooperate trust first, and just retaliate if you ve been cheated on strategy is incredibly robust.
The solution is still within peer review, I feel. What ethical alternative is there?Required reproduction of the result could be a step forward, but only for cheap research.
I agree.
they basically just feed the most engaging content with no breaks on the train.this is simply not true, i regularly get videos with less than 100 views, and a few videos i published got a few hundred views.
What can I ask Google Assistant also works. But I assume what you really mean is something out of band. Google Assistant actually does finish with a recommendation to see more in the app.
I think you re barking up the wrong tree here. A cursory glance over my comments would show that I don t have a desire for big government. I think we should immediately abolish the IRS, ATF, DEA, and NSA
I tend to agree. On one level, you could say it s a satire and even a mockery to VCs in general which I found hilarious when I found out who Tagger was .However, in real life I think this would be a polite response. It might read like bullshit but it s quite fair to see he s trying to make these points. Everything else not in the email e.g. why does the VC not want to invest would be speculation.
vim-slime apparently also works with tmux, which has a much more understandable documentation in my experience. Might be worth taking a look?
At a minimum? Sockets and a proper GC.I was at a talk maybe two weeks ago where the speaker demonstrated it crashing on DateTime.Now and another host remarked that the current implementation preallocated the entire GC heap and crashed when it ran out of space.Maybe those issues have been fixed by now -- they seem to be making progress at an almost frenetic pace which makes sense because Azure doesn t have a container strategy involving any part of the Microsoft stack at the moment .Personally, I have hopes that it ll be ready to roll in about 10 months.
One should always be grateful to their future overlords.
There was a slight selection bias in that all those present were people whom an on-campus group was hoping to get donations from. Slight?
Nuclear war is still an overhanging threat that we should be concerned about, especially in the day and age of automation and AI.
I appreciate Deno because I can ask job interview candidates what their thoughts are about it, and when candidates for senior positions don t point out any of the billion obvious reasons it s a stupid project for stupid people, it saves me a ton of time.I hope you re either self employed, or that you run your own company. If not, this comment is a red flag for potential recruiters you might want to consider editing it.
this is EXACTLY why I am not all a-fluster about this.
You were likely downvoted because 1. As woah said, your statement is incorrect, HN has more vocal crypto opponents than supporters.2. You needlessly called people idiots .3. Your comment was rambling and mostly consisted of whinging and name-calling.4. HN Guidelines frown on commenting about the voting on comments yes, I know that s what I m doing too .
My father has a tiny box in the shape of a coffin, about 15 cm x 4 x 4, that takes a coin and then a dead hand comes out and grabs it, followed by a nod of the skull in one other end. Mechanical, from the 70s.A machine whose only function is to amuse and turn itself off, is indeed more interesting. Just sharing memories.
You also need to follow all the Windows guidelines pattern here.... The only choice for this for a while was WinUI UWP. And there isn t a lot of WinUI UWP devs.
I have a Pixel 2 XL, and I like its width, but its length is totally pointless. I don t get why they don t make phones with less enongated aspect ratio. 9 16 is ought to be enough for everyone, why would anyone want a vertical screen that is taller than that.
You can put a passphrase on the key and not worry about someone else getting it by stealing your phone, just remove it from authorized keys when you re back at a computer. Unless you re concerned about needing emergency server access while your phone got stolen and hasn t been replaced yet.But at that point, we re probably also worried about the odds of getting run over by a bus and having amnesia that prevents you from using a password protected key, chance of getting struck by lightning, etc.
Externalizing environmental damage is not progress.
Got it, thanks!
I m happy you like it! I ve been primarily using Firefox for years now mainly due to multi-account containers being only supported there as far as I m aware also I prefer open-source programs . I m hoping Manifest v3 will gain Firefox more users, since it heavily limits adblockers on Chromium browsers.
I m not sure either, but apparently some think reparations is the answer
This smells like an attempt by Twitter to get as many users as possible to log in to Twitter so they can report XXXX increase in monthly active users. With the added bonus of perhaps converting some who gave up on Twitter back into actual active users going forward.
GUIs can follow or violate the Rule of Silence just as well. It would have been nice if this was permitted to be violated only by GUIs. Ask about the first-time nix experiences before the GUI-embracing era and one of the few things they were noticing was the continuous text-spitting. For instance, that was happening on boot and OS loading sequence and still happens, now only being hidden by default with splash-screens , a lot of reporting about all the things that were performed successfully. It s funny in this regard seeing Unix Rule of Silence being respected more... outside Unix, where is just common sense, with no need to be formulated as rule.
I believe 2 is a mockumentary.
Carbon fee _and dividend_ is the obvious response to all that.
I need to check that out. Had no idea the RAV4EV had autopilot. I love Toyota.
There are technical reasons for this I guess as you pointed them out . But what gp is talking about is really a ubiquitous phenomenon of not trying to do anything with it.Users want to change channels quickly? Okay, let s decompose a problem into what they really want to do, then make N preview of i-j channels in 720p with channel pictures in e.g. 8x5 grid and show numbers so that a user could just dial them on a remote. After finding an interesting preview, it s not an issue to push some buttons and wait a couple of seconds to get 2160p or whatever quality there is. Didn t like it? 99 , ok , repeat. This solution would be a jquery of tv world, dumb, straightforward, non-automated, but it would be a thousand fourty to be honest times better than nothing.When I had an hd tv set, I just checked 3-5 channel numbers that I remembered and turned tv off if there was nothing of interest, because you could easily spend half an hour by just peeking them one by one.
Just another short term flash sale. Despite being from MIT this is a low prestige journal.
Yes and the economy collapsed because it wasn t sustainable.
You said the only visual data that needs to be sent across network is the positioning of facial features and hand movements . To extract facial features and hand movements is non-trivial and requires video analysis and may hence involve lag.
Is the title incomplete? My oldest kid made this to raise awareness that composting garbage dumps...Dumps... what? What does it dump? Dump isn t even mentioned in the article.
A.Meessen does pure science and studies whatever he consider of interest. Regarding UFOs he did inductive research. A priori we don t know if the reported phenomenon is real or not. To test the reality of the phenomenon you have to pose the hypothesis that they exist and see if this leads us to a logical contradiction. Even then, all we could say is we don t know if it s real or not.As a physicist he studied their propulsion system. There was two main reason to do so. First, we know the physics law and their constrains well. Second, the witness reported the side effects of a totally unknown propulsion system. If witness were making up the data, logical contradictions would be found quickly because most witnesses are not physicists.For instance, a witness reported seeing a UFO moving at very low altitude above trees. The strange thing was that the top of the trees were attracted by the UFO. Any conventional propulsion system would result in pushing the tree top away. If the UFO was real, how could we explain this observation ? What underlying physic mecanism could produce such effect ? That is how he started studying the UFO phenomenon. As a physicist he focussed in trying to identify a possible propulsion mechanism that could produce the reported effects. The only hypothesis he used was that UFO are real and that they may use the known physics law in a way yet unknnown to us, an original way.You have to initially suppose the UFO data valid to do this reserach. It can t work by supposing UFO don t exist.This research led him to two significant results. First the PEMP, a pulsed EM propulsion system 1 . Second, a new type of oscillator using a supraconducting surface that can generate very intense EM fields required for the propulsion 2 . It may not be a coincidence that a supraconducting shell would also protect occupants from the very intense oscillating EM field. Since humans can t produce supraconductive materials at room temperature, there isn t much room left to suppose a human origin of UFOs. The logical and scientific consistency, as well as the sound theory does also point to the reality of the UFO phenomenon. A.Meessen has data that you and scientists don t have to make their opinion, although it is published and in open access.The idea that UFOs are not real is just a belief supported by a few bogus cases and, I guess, by the fear of ET with far supperior technical skills than us. The idea that UFOs are real is now supported by scientific results. It s just theories that are waiting experimental validation. But at this stage we don t need to make an hypothesis about the reality or not of UFOs. These theories can be tested today in a lab with our technology.This is pure science, not crack potery. Sorry for your beliefs.Beside, the validity or invalidity of his STQ theory can t be inferred from his work on ufology because they are totally independent. If his theory on STQ is bogus, then say in what it is bogus. Otherwise, you are in the gossip domain, not science domain. 1 Pulsed EM Propulsion of Unconvnetional Flying Objects Production of EM Surface Waves by Superconducting Spheres A New Type of Harmonic Oscillators
One reason is because they consistently run primary deficits.
It is still being used by a cool open-source project, Kazoo, which is essentially a multi-tenant PBX.
Nice, seems like a more cost-effective alternative to homomorphic encryption
What would insurance companies do with the data though? If they knew you were predisposed to obesity and cancer due to this data, would they be kind enough to ignore that info?
Oh, I like this. It s going on the list of ideas. Thanks.
Why bother figuring out how to run Netflix with DRM on LinuxBecause you want to pay for things. You want to support people making the things you enjoy. You want Netflix and other streaming companies to see that Linux users matter.
Big ships are slow to turn.Small ships can t handle big cargo.
Is there a non userstyles.org link for this? I ve blocked cookies on userstyles.org For obvious reasons when you black cookies on that site it gives you a blank page. If you enable cookies it comes back.
I m not sure if it would we a screw up. I mean, I actually liked early 2000-s, when Internet was kind of place of reigning anarchy as if there was no government and evil corporations, but let s just face it it s long gone. Maybe there will be something else to offer the same kind of experience in the future, but it will never be the Web again, it s dead, taken by the enemy. Parents are home again. So, speaking about the least evil, you know, I would be actually glad, if Facebook as it is now would never enter the EU and maybe somewhere across the ocean whole nations would be enslaved by it, I wouldn t care, because I don t have to use it, since my friends, local businesses and events don t force me to.In fact, it seems that it s finally the case when people around might have to be protected , since they cannot make the right choice themselves, and push me to it, as a consequence. So, being quite a libertarian myself, given the imperfect situation I find myself in, I m not sure I mind some government interference.I actually hate all these pop-up banners warning me about the cookie usage, and I m not sure if GDPR being vague and undefinitive it is will turn out to be a good thing, and I sure hate this copyright filters thing. But I kind of like EU trying to force Internet-businesses to behave.
Indeed. This is even less well-researched than that Nick Szabo is probably Satoshi Nakamoto hit piece that was 1 on Hacker News in December 2013.You would think that was the absolute low point from which things could only get better for Hacker News. But no, it s December 2019 an intervening period as long as World War 2 and there s even more cretins posting crap on Hacker News now. 1 cretin
Ok, thanks. We will check these out.
it just doesn t have green threads in the stdlibGreen Threads is one of the most important features in golang - to pretend that Rust offers almost everything that Go does , but ignore the number 1 feature is dishonest.
Imagine oneself playing a game of Simon Says, where we don t know who Simon is or which bits he s actually saying, he in fact sounds exactly like everyone else giving us instructions we can choose to believe what we want about the actions we are told to make, but an adversarial Simon can always contradict us. It s not a game I d enjoy playing nor a lesson I think I benefited from very much...
I loved the Vinge novels, and I m also a fan of Accelerando. I looked at a couple of Culture books, but really didn t like them. So here s one data point saying that things don t break out that way.Never heard of the Morgan books before. Looking them up, it looks to me like the author is playing on popular conceptions of capitalism, without a solid grounding in real economic theory. Is that a fair impression?
Yeah, I think what you showed is exactly what my plugin was going for. To get more fine-grained than that we d need a smarter editor that understands markup. Fun conversation! I just shot you an email.
Yeah Fremont California, Austin Texas. Terribly famous for being cities of hundreds of thousands and having no public transport. It d actually be funny if you were joking.
I m genuinely surprised to find out, in this thread, that so many people actually bought an Openmoko device. I only remember it being a perennial work-in-progress, and when they eventually started actually selling something, it was so painfully obsolete that I couldn t get myself to consider it unlike the N900 .
It is legal to do this, apparentlyI am extremely skeptical of this, no matter what this judge says. This seems to be a clear case of illegal wiretapping 1 . Having an illegal act perpetrated upon one, whether it is wiretapping or assault, seems a very clear injury . It is baffling that there would have to be some kind of financial price attached to be recognized as harm by a court. A disgusting reduction of justice to mere finance, something I would expect from the cartoonishly greedy Ferengi of Star Trek, than a real court. 1
In theory, connected devices that control large energy loads large on a household level of energy consumption can be coordinated at scale to attack the power grid via instantaneously switching 1000 s of units on and off at the same time.That being said it s more likely the hardware mfg is just trying to claw in more margin.
In italy hospitals are right now divided in two parts. One is for covid positives only and the other for covid negatives only. The staff which works in one part does not work in the other and has no contact with any member of the other one. Even ambulances are separated and with independent staff.
I would count that as 1. If we wait till we are financially secure to do things we want to do, We might as well never do it. Your idea of financial security changes as you earn more money !.
I used Sprint s 4G network before there were any 4G phones. It was wonderful. Then the 4G phones started being launched, and it didn t work at all. It was kind of sad, because the speeds were great.
Already switched to Fastmail, which has been excellent. It s nice to have successfully moved something off Google.
That is interesting. So router is recommended ?
In situations like this, I think of the sentiment May the good he created stretch on, and the evil be buried with him.
I don t think most people go vegan for the cost. Most likely a vegan is going to simply eat less beyond burgers rather than switch back to meat.
Apple has iCloud Work, but I don t think it supports iMessage and FaceTime.
Tunnel boring machines aren t that expensive per km. They are robotic worms that take a few dozen people to operate. If you do cut and cover you will end up with a similar problem to the tram system in Edinburgh where there were a lot of pipes and cables under the street that were uncharted and not as deep as everyone expected. Dealing with old pipes and cables is very delicate it involves a lot of careful hand digging with shovels and picks and then careful propping to avoid damaging the old clay drain pipe ancient electricity cable iron gas main water main etc. All of these can be lethal if they are damaged and they all have to be worked on by hand. Super expensive.
This is really interesting. You said your brother helped out by posting comments to make it seem more active, do you think that was an important part of its success? I always wonder how sites like this get over the initial evil cycle of no users no one wants to use it no users etc.
Comments, I believe.
This is exactly what I m looking for!
The brine waste from RO is still mostly water. In order to extract the salt you d need to evaporate the water which still takes a lot more energy. You could use evaporative ponds to let the Sun do the work but that takes a lot of space. In either case you re spending a lot more money per pound than just digging the salt out of a mine.
Those Who Sacrifice Liberty For Security Deserve Neither. -Benjamin Franklin
To put it another way, the garage weekends step only makes sense if you re never planning on taking investment in the first place. Bootstrapping requires garage weekends or enough of a nest-egg that engineer-you can work full-time for visionary-you. The whole point of venture capital is to skip that part.Importantly, a startup with enough sweat put into it that it s now executing on a business model instead of searching for a viable business model is no longer a startup and if that s the only thing a VC is funding, then that person is not actually a VC, but rather a private-equity investor. And you could go further, and point out that the whole concept of private equity was just for the sake of startups with market risk and that, having validated their market and eliminated such risk, companies should according to the spirit of the law immediately do their IPO. These venture capitalists really just plain-old capitalists at this point would then be forced to compete with every other schlub who wants a piece of the company.
Just a small correction it s not YouTube ReVenced, it s just ReVenced. ReVenced is a group dedicated to patching apps, but the group itself doesn t provide any patched apps.It does provide this app to patch other apps
CTEs are great for breaking down a large query into discrete steps. They re basically SQL s equivalent of a pipe function.
Well that s what I did, I made both iOS and Android version of an app and some of the design.I mean, a mediocre complexity app doesn t need more than one developer for a slow improvement mode .
Responses to Pinker s writings can be divided into two groups The rational pessimists and the rational optimists.It seems to me you re ignoring the irrational people who respond to Pinker s writings. That s a reasonable thing to do, but there sure are a lot of them...
We are not doing much better, currently. The problem has increased exponentially.
Sure, though there are plenty of small government countries out there that aren t hell-holes eg Vanuatu . It s just that social democracy is really quite philosophically different to libertarianism - the underlying ethos being everyone gets support instead of every man for himself .
The interviewer didn t do so hot either. Instead of staying silent mentioned a few times when things got off track, he should have intervened.Ultimately, the purpose of the interview is to allow the interviewer to become convinced to recommend hiring. If you re going down a path that isn t going to result in that, you re depriving the candidate of that opportunity. Not to mention wasting everyone s time.Sometimes that means the candidate will have to adapt their answer to the interviewer. Everybody is different, and this is the interviewer who has been assigned. Occasionally, that may even mean dumbing down your answer.Of course, for narrative reasons, the interviewer in this story has to be passive. Otherwise the story would be about 90 shorter.
I m not sure Google engineers use it is a very good counter argument. They have a very high tolerance for complexity and like most large corporations what actually gets built and used tends to be driven more by internal politics than technical merit.
An industrial tomato is healthier than a McMuffin.But is it healthier than a home made McMuffin equivalent?
This would be legit. I ve built some custom tooling on LangChain and while it s not terribly complicated, it s certainly not easy enough to just spin up for a small one-off project.I have several clients that I do consulting and contracting for, and being able to offer services like this would really level up my offering to them.
The blog post goes into details, but the main advantage pants has over other build systems we could have used is that it is designed from the ground up for a large codebase that is broken up sensibly into modules, libraries, or projects. It is smart about what it builds or more importantly what it doesn t build and operates from the conception that most of the code you work with is available to be changed in any given commit. This is very much not the style that other build systems support, where trying to work in this way either results in a huge, undifferentiated pile of code or forces you to completely break things up entirely ie work on stable dependencies . Once you have a significant number of engineers, this becomes inefficient whichever way you go -- either by giving you long build times or by making it unnatural to work outside your project.
Then what you want is strong democracy, strong courts, strong press freedom, and strong whistleblower rights very different from merely having strong laws.I mean, the literal reason I went straight to DPRK is that they have the laws without the foundations to make them relevant.
It has a lot of safety checks built into the runtime, which make it a little slower.x is and int between 1 and 200.x gets asigned out of that range, exception is thrown. So we weren t manually checking everything.Also I think it was mandated as a language for US government contracts, for a variety of reasons.
They didn t make it worse. The situation in Myanmar has been happening since before anyone there was using Facebook...Ethnic violence, hatred, military junta, none of it was brought about by Facebook.
Unless the problem involves people, in which case a healthy dose of the right emotions and some subjectivity can help the process along.And behind every technical problem there is always a people problem.
Here is the link in french the limit is 35 days, not 7. I used this in Italy and it worked perfectly well.
Right after another robot disarmed a suspect in LA 0 . Our robot future is here. 0
I think the best way to work with customers and I do believe you should is not having theoretical discussions with them about the market or whether a new product can take off, but rather give them a number of tangible alternatives can be mock ups to play with and see how they react to them.
I wonder what kind of fallout will come from the year 2038 problem 1 . It appears the Deep Impact space probe was lost to a 32-bit clock rollover bug, which portends some level of disaster come 2038.1.
You could invoke pipes from any webpage without worrying about cross-domain access.If you look at some janky JS code 1 I had on my website at the time, you can see what you can do with it.That would basically source pipes.yahoo.com pipes pipe.run?_id 7CTRtbtL3BGX_AHbjknRlg amp _render json amp _callback load_daily_showas a static asset in my page, which would load the JS and call load_daily_show as a result.Now, EVERYONE who hits my page is invoking the pipe as a backend API call, with no caching and unfortunately with the entire Y T cookies intact. 1 -
It s green if the 1 1 conversion of a useless heater into a money-generating heater, partially displaces the logistics pipeline of the US Mint, no? No matter how efficient it is to dig up farm materials and process them into coins and bills, it can t be 100 efficient.
I have a battery electric chainsaw that would have eaten that branch for lunch. I don t get the chance to use it very often, but it s a joy when I do. It won t take down mature trees, but I d have to get permission from the city and a certified expert for that anyway. It will limb just about anything.The best decision I ever made powertool-wise was sticking with a single line of tools for both construction and yard tools, so I have at least 10 or so batteries that fit in every tool I own. I have drills, saws, nailers, lights, leaf blower that thing drinks battery , hedge trimmer, weed whacker, and the chainsaw all ready to take the exact same battery. One thing I ve never had to do is wait for a battery to charge.
Hard to feel bad for someone complaining they paid too much for a 77K luxury car.
Daily active users is the number of unique people who showed up in a single 24 hour period. Monthly active users is the number of unique people who showed up at least once that month.To get the ratio of DAU to MAU, you can either take the average DAU for each day of the month, and then compare that to the MAU, or you can take the DAU to MAU ratio for each day and then average that. They ll both come out about the same doing it the second way smoothes it out just a bit more because of the loss of precision which makes the month to month comparisons or quarter to quarter a little smoother .
Yet deaths aren t.
For starters I would separate them out.Paid I would consider traditional forms of advertising and marketing such as TV, FB, Google, ads, etc.Organic or community driven advertising has it s costs as well but I would separate that out to a different section. This would include budgets like meetups, some conferences though many I would actually lump into traditional ad spend , t-shirts, stickers, credits to customers, community expenses and so forth.Then for non-tracked customers I would assume that percentages work well. Meaning if 25 of my customers come from community, then 25 of my non-tracked organic customers are from community. If 5 are from paid, I would say 5 of my organic non tracked are paid.If you do the break out this way you will see that old-gaurd paid advertising is 80 of the cost of the entire sales and marketing function, but brings in an overall 5-10 of net new sales.Now if you are profitable, or near profitability go for it, but if you are losing a sizable portion of yearly revenue, say 50 or more due to sales and marketing and you see it broken out this way you will immediately realize how false this spend is.Just because something is done a certain way and accepted, doesn t mean that it s correct.
Many grocery stores offer memberships where they offer customers discounts in exchange for the customers using an ID to help the store track their purchases. Such arrangements appear to be voluntary and desirable for both consumers and stores.Would such an arrangement fly under the GDPR?It would seem that if consent has to be freely given, and not conditioned on something like a cheaper price, then the GDPR would not allow the grocery stores to give discounts only to people who agreed to the membership and tracking.
Simply because there isn t an up-to-date package management system that provides binary packages. Typing brew install is a million times easier than searching out the software package s website and hunting around for a binary package that s for your OS version.
just semantic HTML and you re doneMeanwhile, a em is styled as a button.
Ha, that s great. I d love to know which site that was.Really, Etsy doesn t have anything worth copying other than the basic idea and well, their success. Their copy and wording least of all... anytime there are words on the site, they are the wrong words.
Why is it going to cost you a lot? Are you expecting it to break? As long as you take reasonable care and don t drop it into a pool those things are pretty reliable. I ve bought 4 macbooks since 2012 and passed them on to family whenever I wanted a new one and they are all still working despite the occasional bump.
I think if you don t understand that already, it s likely I can t help you understand either.But expressing your reasoning here doesn t have to be predicated purely on your percieving my capacity to understand it. You could just express it in a token of good will. I ve switched three countries with three different languages so far. Coming from one of the currently non-existing Soviet states, I think I ve got a pretty useful cultural and political background to understand and see the real difference between welfare- and small-government states than most of westerners by birth out there.
Wizard privilege, eh?
I ve been building a web service on a cheapo DigitalOcean box lately, so I m excited to see explorations in this space, especially with an eye towards staying cheap! I d probably only use this particular tool if it could hook up to Backblaze B2 instead of S3, since life s too short to ever have to engage with the hell that is AWS for a hobby project, but since B2 s API-compatible it seems like a feature that could be added in the future.That said, I ve always been a little worried about trying SQLite since I m so used to Postgres. I ve currently got Postgres running alongside my app in a Docker container, which isn t too hard to manage. I m curious whether anyone has switched from Postgres to SQLite in a web app context whether in the same project, or when making a new project and if they ve found themselves missing any of the features Postgres offers. I ve tried to research this before but always found just googling sqlite vs postgres just results in surface-level differences that mostly focus on performance, whereas I m more curious about e.g. the differences in their JSON extensions.
Edgy. But really, your comment just cheapens the discussion.
1 for CSV export.
Nice! One of our stretch goals is to look at compatibility for other platforms Mini-ITX included!
Let me know if you agree or disagree with these non-verbal clues
I ll be the first to admit that although little good ever comes from Chicago, this guy has the right idea.
There was a seasonal Omicron spike, but excess deaths in US are tracking to all-time low since pandemics start.
Yes, but most Russians living in Estonia are post-1945 colonists or descendants of post-1945 colonists. I had imagined that the bulk of the population have a long and storied history in Estonia, but they don t. For example, no ethnic Estonians were allowed to return to Narva after the war, and was instead settled overwhelming mostly by Russian colonists. Narva is the third biggest city in Estonia, and 88 Russian. Pre-colonisation it was majority Estonian.So the border is old but the ethnic borders are very new and based on very recent Russian colonisation.
So, activity hours and maintenance hours can be used to pinpoint the timezone of the owner and their daily habits. Randomizing every bit of information is important.Or injecting disinformation pick a misleading timezone, and only connect at times compatible with that timezone e.g. 03 00 GMT is 11PM EST . Though that might not be compatible with making all your connections from unconnected locations not many coffee shops libraries are open that late .
Ads first appear as OS notifications on your desktop. This notification displays plain-text content from the regional ad catalog. You get 70 of the ad revenue at this point.If you click the notification, Brave opens a tab in the Brave browser and navigates to the advertisement location. At this point, the ad can load images, video, etc.Important to note, however, that ad pages are not given any special treatment in the Brave browser. They are subject to the same privacy security restrictions on all other pages. Third parties are severely limited, if not entirely prevented from engaging in the session.
To close the loop, they really need an EFI stub that loads a combined kernel image ramfs from Drive.
Oh man I love this framework. I actually ended up using it on a Pokemon Sword Shield helper app I made back when the game released. Made it feel very authentic!
The main idea that I took offence to was the economic incel ideology - ie that the our entire society is nothing more than a tool for siphoning resources from the underclass into the hands of a few dozen multi-billionaires, and therefore if one engages in any productive activity beyond the absolute minimum necessary to survive, they re a sucker.It s popular on various front-page !!! subreddits like r antiwork and r latestagecapitalism.I say incel there very deliberately. It s a set of toxic beliefs that prevents the formation of normal, healthy economic relationships, and this reinforces the toxic beliefs in a positive feedback loop.I ve seen a friend get sucked into this and it was still is absolutely devastating.
I have the MacBook Pro 2017 edition and this is by far the worst upgrade I ve experienced for such a high-end, luxury item.It s all USB-C. Virtually nobody else supports USB-C, not even Apple. Oh, you want HDMI? 100 please.I also have an iPhone 8 which is on the Lightning connector. The audio jack is gone and guess what, there s no Lightning connector on the MacBook, so you ll need 2 pairs of headsets or an adapter.The glowing logo is gone. And the Touch Bar is a clusterfuck. In an ironic touch, the default Touch Bar setup shows the Siri button at all times. I guess if you have multiple clusterfucks you make them link to one another.I still have the 2015 at home. I think that was the best MacBook Pro made thus far and looking at the differences I m now contemplating a move to a Linux laptop not the same polish, but it won t be this expensive either and I won t feel bad about supporting a company that s getting increasingly hostile towards work laptops and touch typists.
All that may be true, the renowned BaseballPhysics accepted magnanimously, but that doesn t make this blog post any less hilarious. The famous physicist who wasn t actually a physicist and certainly didn t know anything about baseball paused dramatically. If there s one thing we ve learned from Twilight, he continued, his analogy illuminating like a soaring eagle, it s that the quality of writing doesn t necessarily correlate with commercial success.
Whereas marrying someone simply because they are hot does?
This is what you get in a long-established factory which, over time, gradually updates the weakest part of its process. The manual parts are either hard to automate, or are just so cheap to do manually that there s no point. At some point a human did the job that the robot arm does now, but then that became the bottleneck in some way. It was cheaper to get a robot arm than a human, or maybe there s nowhere for a human to stand on that side of the line, or maybe the human is just too slow lifting that much weight 20 times an hour.Edit After having seen more of the video, that robot s doing a lot of heavy lifting no pun intended . It seems to be doing all of the movement of the balls into and out of the various machining cells, and it s involved in quite a few steps of the production process. It s definitely paying its way.
Or just use devise. Backbone will work just fine with it.
So only tech will tell me in which building something is - sure, force more tech on everyone but complain about advertising.
Why is every other post on HN from medium.com?
We re proud that we ve been able to help so many of you build great mobile apps, but we need to focus our resources elsewhere.I read this as our Facebook overlords have decided that our revenue head can be dramatically increased if redeployed on a different part of the overall company, so they have decided to shut Parse down and move us elsewhere. Which is a perfectly fair business decision but this is really sad to see since I saw the Parse acquisition as a beacon for platform companies being able to run independently post acquisition.
Here s to hoping its some kind of newt. It would basically name itself!
From the readme I can t really see how to write extensive unit tests with that thing.. If I need to test something I want only one tool that works perfectly and does all the Stubbing, Mocking, verification, data driven test and behaviour driven test. I still haven t found in any language ecosystem anything comparable to Spock in completeness, readability and ease of use. Honestly I can t really see how to do BDD with tape.
I thought that was Perl... P
I think there are good parts of Twitter. But it s also very easy to be a part of outrage-driven discussion.I liked this suggestion that one way to reduce outrage is to reveal the complexity of what s going on.
It undermines the freedom of the press because journalists need to protect their sources. It undermines the rule of law because the government should not know what you discuss with your lawyer. It sabotages the health system because you should be able to talk to your doctor in privacy.
I could not find any podcast called History of Napoleon . Did you perhaps mean The Age of Napoleon ?
Emacs key bindings please.
Seems like quite a few people built PCs because Apple s desktops have been atrophiedSome people maybe, but most people who build PCs were usually never part of Apple s customer base to begin with.
For anyone who has been there more than a couple years back, it s worth checking it out again. They added Gateway The Deep Space Launch Complex, and have also been expanding the Astronaut Training Experience. The exhibits are all very well done.The bus tours are also neat, visiting and walking around launch pads from the early days of space exploration, seeing the bunker near a launch pad with 8 thick glass and the mechanical linkage over a couple hundred feet which let them monitor the weight of the added fuel on an early mission.I ve gone 7 times since I was a child, and love the new things I find.
Automation isn t keeping up with the decrease in fertility rates.There s considerably less young people entering the workforce in the west now than there were 40 years ago.
This guy deletes emails that are sent to this address that are not for him. For 20 years. For all we know he started this convention!
Neglecting a child isn t something to take lightly, and it isn t something I could ever imagine doing. But sure, everyone is different so we ll give this guy a pass and attack a plant instead.
Prestige based on family lineage is considered a big dealAre you in the UK? The monarchy and House of Lords are an obvious anachronism and they need abolishing 1 , but I would say it s a very small minority who care who you parents are were mainly people who think their own parents are were a big deal and a similar small minority who might also ask which school did you go to? . 1 e.g.
That seems unlikely.
You need to make calisthenics excercises progressively harder instead of endlessly increasing the volume, if you want to increase strength. The pinnacle are pushups on one arm, Bruce Lee demonstrated those on two fingers. The book Convict Conditioning contains progressions for several bodyweight excercises.
This is why I said to be sure to consider all the things you can do with function arguments. You can t in general assume that f 3 for a two-part argument can be read by the compiler as a curry, because the second argument may have a default. You also have to watch out in dynamic languages because the resulting function instead of a value may propagate a long way before being caught, making refactoring a challenge. In Haskell it ll always blow up because the type system is strong, although you may not get the nicest error. Imagine you have a whole bunch of code using this approach, and then you set a default value for the second argument. Imagine you re applying it to a whole bunch of code that wasn t written to optimize the first parameter as the one you want to partially apply.The end result is you need a lot more noise in the partial call to indicate what it is you are doing, no matter how you slice it, and it interacts poorly with default parameters which almost every language has nowadays anyhow.
Came here to say this. Credit unions are a thing, and it is increasingly easy to offer debit cards via aggregators through them. There s even open source software to help
That is the case.
That s not exactly true. I m the founder of Wefunder, so I know a fair bit about this.The 15 day waiting period for Form D is a proposed rule that has never been voted on. The law of the land - right now - does not require it. That s why we have 25 or so companies on Wefunder fundraising today.I wrote a blog article explaining this all in excruciating detail at
That s actually less than I expected.
I had been evaluating using ZenDesk for our new help desk. Does anyone use any other help desk products that are inexpensive 3 agents and easy to use?
Much like Oracle or IBM they re a company that had some very interesting products and ideas in their day, and eventually just decided or was forced, for internal reasons to rest of their laurels. Today, they produce products that are purchased by people who don t actually use them, because the people who use them hate it. And, well, they pursue growth by acquisition. It s honestly a sad story, because they could have been so much more. Maybe they still can, but my faith dwindles every year that goes by.I have more and more respect for Microsoft, who had every opportunity to go this route and, really, did for quite a while , but was able to right the ship and continue to produce products that people actually want to buy. Sometimes they re buggy, and bloated, and strange to use, but they listen to their customers and continue to push improvements. That s why they ate IBM s lunch back in the day and have become the world s most valuable enterprise software company.
please, just stop with Python already
Pretty much anything else would be better unfortunately
There s also an extensive write-up at
Beyond the distiction mquander drew, note also the court acknowledges you haven t violated copyright by copying a program into RAM if you own the copy of the software. However, Blizzard went way out of its way to ensure that it had licensed the software, not sold it, with the result that it retained control over the precise nature of any copies you made, temporary or otherwise.Then, like mquander points out, the court gutted any value Blizzard got out of controlling the right to make temporary RAM copies of the software.
You shouldn t have to negotiate prices.
Absolutely. And of course, Kahneman and Tversky and Thaler didn t get a Nobel price for saying, oh, hey, listen guys, actually sometimes people don t follow our standard homo economicus rationality assumptions , but to study these deviations carefully empirically and theoretically and note when they re important and put them into a coherent framework with some predictive power aka, a theory .On a side note, the whole libertarian agenda is largely predicated on a caricature of free markets populated by homines economici that was not even advocated by Friedman during the heyday of the Chicago school, let alone today. A professor from the Chicago business school where Thaler is came to HK to give a talk and collect money from alumni , and I asked whether they still subscribed to the Chicago school, given their current research, and she just shook her head and replied What do you think?
I agree with everything you wrote.However you misunderstood where I was coming from. I point out I was lucky enough to be able to take time off to focus on my health, and hint that that is sadly not something everyone can do.I was able to do this not because of being employed in a high paying tech job, but because of strong union negotiated benefits.I live in a European country with a sane perspective on work life balance and a strong social safety net.I will also add that what was written questioned the public statements of individuals that write about dealing with burnout in a single month, not that the very probable situation where individuals have burnout and only have the ability to take a single month off exist.
That references the Latin phrase panem et circenses Paragraph from a page describing it It refers to a concept prevalent in ancient Rome, where the government would provide its citizens with free food and entertainment in the form of lavish spectacles, such as gladiator fights, chariot races, and theatrical performances. The phrase highlights the strategy employed by the ruling class to keep the population content and distracted from important political issues and matters of governance. Orwell and Huxleys work are both centralised authoritarian - you had to take your Soma whereas our current risk is possibly more systematic and less conspirational.
You call it a possibility then end with saying fact .What s more likely That this company with a tiny budget had no idea what it was doing, or that a 12-figure industry with 2 of the most valuable companies on the planet is all fake?Advertising is a core driver of every successful company and there are 100s of petabytes of data generated everyday proving it works. Even without any fancy analytics, measuring that every dollar spent returns more than a dollar in sales is about as simple as it gets.This company s problem is that they need to learn how to do it right.
The parent comment is talking about people with personality disorders like narcissism.
It s almost universal. Games typically include a ton of local file paths from the developer s computers.
Obligatory pg essay Start here.
I can t tell if you re comparing Q to hand washing advocates, or to those anti-handwashing naysayers?
I m firmly in the If your advertising materials are systematically designed to trick people, you should be in gaol camp.These are not necessarily mutually exclusive viewpoints.
Finding decent speakers is harder than finding decent sponsors. Expect to spend most of your time chasing down speakers.Start small. HN London started in someones apartment in London with 10-15 people turning up and grew from there to an average of 400 people attending.Try to avoid talks that end up being a product pitch.
reMarkable 2 e-ink tablet I was on the fence for a long time on this, but I ve been using it almost daily for 4 months now, and I absolutely love it. The logical part of my brain thinks it s quite pricey compared to an ipad or rocket book what I used before , but I love having something that is so close to actual pen and paper that never runs out of space and is easy to sync to a computer.
The stock market is inherently different than going to the casino. Buying at the bottom is hardly a bad sentiment to have when it comes to investing, especially when it comes to making swing trades in thoroughly researched businesses.
Why can t we compare wages between the two places? I get that there are CoL adjustments you have to make, and that there are government benefits UK citizens get that US people don t. But those aren t unknowable and they probably don t add up to a 100 difference, which the difference here exceeds.
We probably should do a comparison of the customer service between them as well. The AWS support, TAM and engineering team almost provide white glove experience for troubleshooting, feature request etc. might be biased for since we spend big It s interesting to compare The retailer vs technology DNA on this front
I guess I m just not picky. The very first pair I got off Zenni for 5 shipped were a little irritating to wear because the frames didn t have spring temple arms. Now I just make sure and sort those frames out and I ve had zero issues with them.
I think we do know a little of it. They used limestone and an acid -- so the touching surfaces of the rock were softened, which is how they conformed so closely and precisely to each other.
Your data still has to fit in memory though.
You re right, I should have addressed that there s more to syntax than grammar.All of the semantic changes I can think of in Python could easily be implemented as syntax transformations in a way portable across implementations. Decorators, the with statement, print-as-a-function, etc... There might be some I m missing that would be non-trivial as macros, but I d benefit significantly just from having the ones that are plain syntax sugar without having to convince my team to use a py3-to-2 compiler.
You might be interested in the new DynamoDB to S3 export feature announced this week
And you need to make sure that the wood doesn t have a chance to decompose after the tree dies.
No drivetrain components are becoming unavailable.
To be honest, that article and the articles like it bother me. Krafcik said there will always be constraints, without spelling out what those constraints will be or their severity.Then the author wrote a line saying they won t work in the snow or rain implying any snow or rain at all . To me, that assertion doesn t follow from the quote.Where did Krafcik say that they won t be able to deal with light to medium rain? Where did he say that they won t be willing to deal with light to medium snow? There are a lot of other articles asserting these things, but few detailed quotes.
Location Lagos, Nigeria Remote yes Willing to Relocate yes Technologies Flutter Resume Email cyriluket12 gmail.com
When some humans claim that we need to send our species to colonize Mars and beyond to preserve Life? mankind, while at the same time that we should be overwhelmed with fear over General AI, I find that a self-contradictory worldview. Self-replicating, self-aware robots fit this work environment best, for sure. Life s newest friends, possibly. And funny enough, I find that this view overlaps with those who want to live out their dreams, like The Martian, to jump into a rocket ship... Yet, human sperm and eggs can survive a long journey in cryostasis, needing far less resources this is a bit of a guess since I have yet to do any study on this, but intuitively it fits ... So, I highly doubt any humans with names will board any of our first few ships off this place we call Home.
This was about 10 years ago but here in New Zealand I found someone who could repair and replace the rubber so my 30 year old infinities are as good as new.
Corporations get taxed 15 14 hotel tax. Individuals get taxed 30 already on their Airbnb income plus Airbnb charges the guest 6 -12 and the host 3 .If they re going to charge 14 hotel tax to people renting out rooms on Airbnb, wouldn t it be more fair to tax that income at the corporate rate instead of the individual rate? Yes, I understand the taxes go to different places in each scenario. But from the take home perspective of the person entity doing all the work here, hosts on Airbnb are already having their transaction taxed significantly more than any hotel chain .
The number is meaningless to the public anyway. I have absolutely no frame of reference for how many animals live in a certain area. For all I know, 500m ants get killed by a period of fairly heavy rainfall.It s more annoying when numbers are misrepresented that we DO have real world experience of, for instance sea level rise. Many people are under the impression that global warming will cause skyscrapers to become submerged, or the majority of the Earth s land area to disappear. All within a few decades.People may argue that it s useful for people to believe this, but I don t want a society of useful idiots. I want a society of skeptics.
Hmm.. I wonder if that s true of younger programmers, but I don t think I ve met a single one around my age early 30 s, late 20 s who didn t start when they were young. I got my start near the end of high school and I felt _impossibly_ late. I still do, frankly.
The HN GPT-3 summarizer is cool. How is the accuracy?
I have, but to be honest I ve forgotten a lot of the specific debates and their finer points.I don t have a single, definitive, clear solution -- as pointed out by others -- nobody does. It s not a simple problem.That doesn t mean that steps can t be taken to improve the situation, perhaps dramatically in some cases.1 Enforced MFA to publish a crate -- credential theft is semi-regularly seen as an attack vector.2 Strong links between the source ref and the specific crate versions. An example of this done super badly is NuGet. All of the hundreds thousands? of Microsoft ASP.NET packages point to the same top-level asp.net or .net framework URLs. E.g. to as the Project Website, and as the repository. This couldn t be more useless. Where is the Git hash for the specific change that 7.0.0-preview.4.22229.4 of this library represents? Who knows...3 Namespaces. They re literally just folders. If you can t code this, don t run a huge public website. This is more important than it sounds, because wildly unrelated codebases might have very similar names, and it s all too easy to accidentally drag in entire ecosystems of packages. Think of the Apache Project. It s fine and all if you ve bought in to the Apache way of doing... everything. But imagine accidentally importing some Google thing, some Netflix thing, some Apache thing, and some Microsoft thing into the same project. Now your 2 KLOC EXE is 574 megabytes and requires cc , python , and pwsh to build. Awesome.For example, in ASP.NET projects I avoid anything not officially published by Microsoft and with at least 10M downloads because otherwise it s guaranteed to be a disaster in 5-10 years. Ecosystems diverge, wildly, and no single programmer or even a small group could possibly stitch them back together again. Either it s a dead end of no further upgrades, or rip replace an entire stack of deeply integrated things.4 Publisher-verified crate metadata tags. You just cannot rely on the authors to be honest. It s not even about attacks, it s also about consistency and quality. All crates should be compiled by the hosting provider in isolated docker containers or VMs using a special instrumented build flag. Every transitive dependency should be indexed. Platform compatibility should be verified. Toolchain version compatibility should be established for the both the min and max range. Flags like no-std or whatever should be automatically checked. CPU and platform compatibility would also be very helpful for a lot of users. The most important one in the Rust world would be the No unsafe code tag.This would stop soft attacks such as the guy spamming C libraries as Rust crates. Every such crate should have been automatically labelled as Requires CC and Less than 10 Rust code .Similarly, if a crate package changes its public signature in a breaking way, then the publishing system should enforce the right type of semantic versioning bump.Essentially, what I would like to see is something more akin to a monorepo, but not technically a single repository. That is, a bunch of independent developers doing their own thing, but with a cloud-hosted central set of tooling that helps gain the same benefits as a monorepo.I m expecting a lot of arguments along the lines of that sounds like a lot of work, etc... Meanwhile Mozilla had a large team for this, millions of dollars of funding, and did not do even 0.1 of what Matt Godbolt did in his spare time...
There are two kind of technical people. The Science kind, and the engineering kind. If you appreciate the beauty of an mathematical equation, or the elegance of a proof, you are the Science kind. If you appreciate the preciseness of a tool, or speed to achieve a task, you are the Engineering kind. Science provide the backbone behind engineering, but engineering re-invigorates science. Unfortunately, programming can fall into either categories. Argument like this is mostly pointless without a specific context. As a programmer, it is a life long effort to find the zen of the two.
It does clone might be optimized to a memset, but it s the clone codepath, as opposed to the u8 specialization codepath as discussed in the articleBut the original commenter is talking about how the benchmark isn t useful because it doesn t touch memory, but you get similar results even if you do touch memory.
NPR s Planet Money Indicator podcast just did an episode 1 of this topic as it relates to Turkey, where the big cheese decided that in fact, no, high interest rates don t fix inflation, and that it was low interest rates that fixed inflation.The results have been grim for the lira, to say the least.The episode finishes with a note that they ve appointed a new finance minister who has said the country has to return to a rational basis for its economic policy . So we ll see what changes are made - or whether this person lasts in this role for very long.1. transcript
There couldn t possibly be an ulterior motive for collecting voice samples of a wide swathe of the population.Right???
OVH definitely seems cheaper. I needed servers in US though.Phoenix is near me.
A benevolent dictator externally motivated by serving his subjects is a much better government.Not sure that s generally true a perfectly benevolent, non-omniscient dictator could be quite bad.Not that perfectly benevolent dictator is a real option as a long-term form of government. for example, Jesus.Jesus may have been perfectly benevolent, but isn t much of an example of benevolent dictatorship as a better form of government.
Sure, all that is possible, but you d still be deprived of your vehicle when it showed up all funkified, while you then had to scramble to hail another vehicle - potentially making you late to your next destination. If it s your personal car, then you re stuff using such ride services until you get your car back. With no guarantee that a similar thing will happen to you when one of them picks you up.
Beside the options DaFranker mentioned... There is also good old IRC. Its something that I ve used for many many years of development chat. It also has the advantage of being something that your company can run internally. Channel logging is not terribly hard either... While it s certainly not as batteries included as some of the newer chat systems... One can achieve many of the same things depending on your IRC daemon and bots.
There s a difference between protecting yourself from government surveillance good luck and protecting yourself from Google s surveillance possible, to a great extent .
If any of them didn t make the trip to Africa!I posted a cheap Toshiba laptop recently and had about 40 requests to ship it to Africa, all offering more than my asking price
Yes. Isn t that what makes it Hacker News? If we didn t have a specific set of interests it would just be another news site.
The article doesn t mention it but entries can include an annotate field. I use it to add short summaries and notes. It is not used by the standard bibliography styles, but it can be used to produce an annotated bibliography.
I m glad to see that the meat of the article is about mundane glass issues cost of glass, environmental effects, etc. etc. , and seems to have a reasonable discussion here.But the headline is... a clickbaity mistake.
Really like the fact that deepstreamhub doesn t have a strong vendor lock-in like Firebase. I feel like it would ease many developers minds if they offered some sort of open source version, if only for the sake of being able to change your stack.The option to export your users data in a RethinkDB compatible manner would probably do the job too.
Symlink loops are handled in the pathname resolution function in the kernel. Too many indirections of symlinks typically around forty or so? result in the resolution bailing with an ELOOP errno.
Well, that s given me some insight into bay area dev pay! I ve never even heard of anything near those levels in the UK except for contractors.
With enough RAM, i suppose.
Questionable revenue recognition timing vs fictitious revenues would be an example
Yep, like hellojebus said, what you are describing sounds a lot like ripple. They use their own type of consensus algorithm described below. are also other coins without mining though.In an abstract sense, mining is just a general term for weighting votes for what are and aren t valid transactions based on proof of work . The required investment of processing power discourages attempts to validate invalidate transactions, since investing work on the wrong version of the chain will inevitably lead to you not getting a block reward unless 51 of the network is controlled by you or somehow decides to follow along in your fraud. are other mechanisms for reaching consensus though. One of the most established is proof of stake, in which validations are weighted based on the coins you own. Notably, Ethereum is working to implement this with Casper by requiring auditable byzantine fault tolerance detection of both when bad actors are acting as well as who is responsible and security deposits for each vote to alleviate the nothing at stake problem, punishing bad actors. With this system there will be no unnecessary computations energy usage, and there s actually more resistance to 51 attacks, since an attackers coins can be burned when they try to attack, leading to an undefined amount of capital required to get 51 of the vote, whereas with proof of work there is a set amount of processing power you could by to take control of the network indefinitely. are also other systems like DAG distributed ledgers which combine small amounts of proof of work for spam resistance into the transaction process, eliminating the concept of mining and transaction fees all together. DAG ledgers aren t really blockchains at all, but a superset of blockchains, instead of just being a linked list they use an interwoven directed acyclic graph of transactions. Notable cryptocurrencies that use this type of ledger are Iota, RaiBlocks and Byteball Bytes.
Lightning is one of the solutions, signature aggregation using Schnorr signatures as the next step is at least as important for compressing the data on the blockchain.
if you ask me, it s form against function
You honestly can t fathom a situation where Assange would know for sure Russia wasn t involved?I can certainly imagine situation s where Assange would know this, but Assange hasn t claimed that Russia wasn t involved, by his own claims even when a pardon that would erase the risk he has been fleeing desperately from for years was dangled in front of him as an incentive, so I think it s pretty clear that either that situation does not exist or he has an undisclosed reason to preserve the image that Russia may have been involved. The former seems to be the simplest explanation. knows they don t work for Russia because the person already has high-level clearances was rigorously vetted etc. World powers have had highly placed agents in foreign governments and political parties, etc., with high-level clearances that require rigorous vetting numerous times in the past. So, no, the person being in such a position does not establish that they are not a Russian agent or that Russia was not involved in their actions.
In the article, they describe it as being close to two stars. There are 5 restaurants in Birmingham with a Michelin star.
This project shows how to make a small view screen that uses light to perform the logical operations needed to decrypt the unbreakable One-Time-Pad cypher. The video presents a little history to provide context, then shows the details of how optical logic gates can be made to do decryption.
Identifying bias or double standards is journalism 101. Spies do that too given they have to collect information too. Yet, wondering about a guy who ran off with the Snowden leaks on his own for selfish gain... even to Schneier s surprise... isnt CIA NSA propaganda. It s a legitimate concern about his motives and or moral high ground he tries to leverage in debates.
Wow this is interesting. I never knew a tool like this existed. Seeing all the alternatives in the comments here is great too. It s like getting a solution to a problem I never knew I had! Super excited to use this on my next project!
What should we do if they re here voluntarily? EY Deloitte Austria
Hard to tell if you re serious. If so, the VR Metaverse will only exist for a select few techno-elites, and I m not really sure what they would say to each other. Probably end up just scrolling on their phones in VR.
They didn t rewrite ZFS for Linux support, they did the syscall stuff in such a way that it s reasonably compatible license-wise. I don t know the specifics, I just know it s a forked codebase that improves compatibility with Linux.FreeBSD moved to this new codebase because it is getting a lot of attention and better support.
Leaving after 6 months is not unprofessional at all. Heck, leaving after 2 weeks can be fine as well. Sometimes you get into a situation and discover it s not what was sold to you, at all. In that case, it s better for all parties, to end it quickly instead of allowing it to drag on.As an analogy, imagine dating someone who you initially liked, but quickly discover you are incompatible. Better to end it ASAP than to let it drag on, which will only lead to more bitterness in the end.
The learning curve for stenography is much higher. With a keyboard, the buttons do exactly what they say and that only. With a stenography machine, every possible combination of buttons does a different thing.When typing the word Unprepared on a keyboard, you just have to look at the buttons and find each of the ones with those labels, and hit them in sequence.To type the word Unprepared on a steno machine, you need to hit the buttons UPB all at once and then PRAOEPD all at once, knowing that PB is a combo that means N, that the UPB set assumes that it s a prefix to whatever follows, that AOE represents the vowel sound i , and that your software understands the input preepd to be a shorthand for prepared .You can try it out with your regular keyboard in the browser here
the donald is well moderated, esp. from doxxing and other personal stuff. they are of course very lively and get to the nerves of leftists, but that s about it. it s actually quite entertaining if you can leave behind enmities and don t take it too seriously .
In honor of military hardware week on HN some naval technology instead of aviation, though.I m pretty sure a motivated non-state actor can arrange to buy a few of these. A surface ship is a sitting duck against something so fast.
Is the point really predicting outcomes? FIDE chess Elo is useful because I can compare machines to humans who have never matched each other.Generally speaking the rating structure is a lattice where you can, for any two players A and B, tell whether A is a better player than B or the other way around. Elo, Glicko, etc. are embeddings of this lattice on the real line much like the utility functions of microeconomics are real embeddings of preference lattices .
That s a pretty interesting question.I would have said no. But I can t think why.Certainly Youtube and the other big monopolies behave like they are not a perfect market.Every now and again you ll see an article saying it s not known if advertising on the Internet even works that well.So the opinion is information around advertising is not really fluid enough, not sure in practice.
There s a legal real estate doctine for this, based on the idea that it indeed can be a good thing to bring unused property back into use
Start a two-person consulting practice, making sure to bill corp-to-corp and, if you can, avoid staff-aug projects that will simply stick you in one place for months at a time. Two people. Solo consultants get screwed by clients, have less time to manage and grow the business, and aren t learning how to operate as a company.You ll learn how to market yourself, how to manage a sales pipeline, how to keep a set of books, how to track utilization and how to set up triggers for hiring new people.If you re successful, you ll build a revenue stream that you can divert from to build a full-time product development team, at which point you ll have bootstrapped yourself and be at cash-flow-positive.The ideas will come.Working for a startup is fun. It will definitely teach you how to develop under hair-on-fire circumstances, and probably expose you to current technology Rails instead of J2EE, Erlang instead of C , etc .But I was --- am --- shocked by how much 10 years of dev work for startups did not prepare me to start a company from scratch. I got very lucky picking my partners had I been even a little less lucky, I d have failed in the first six months.
I just want templates for different journals conferences for the same topic. All their formats are annoying, but at the end of the day, every PI researchers wants to publish in something that is peer-reviewed. In a university setting, paying to read download a publication is an after-thought. The entire transparency reproducibility of scientific results is a good goal but is very long-term goal.Some entities like ScholarOne Cambridge Journals wants you to individually upload your images and your text separately. Since a user is just writing their paper on Authorea, maybe, you can keep track of what journals they are aiming for and reformat the publication for multiple journals in ONE SHOT. That d be the biggest time saver ever.At the end, doing research is fun but publishing is a painful process, and you are judged based on publications. Reduce the pain.
I think you are missing important case such as image data. Another one is floating point vectors with scaled up and rounded distance.
Totally. Our experience around checks has been interesting basically, there are some customers who absolutely do not want anything but a check. They ve been using checks their entire life, and they don t want to change. Fair enough.Some other people just simply don t understand how _quickly_ they can get money via ACH. It s a matter of venturing into the unknown vs. what s tried and true. So when we say You ll get your money today, in your bank account, if you use Wells Fargo, and tomorrow otherwise, they say really? And decide ACH is good enough for the cost. Then again, that s on the payout side rather than the pay-in side, though I guess if your website accepted payment via check, it d be much faster there, too.There are also all kinds of other complications in dealing with paper checks that may make it worth the 5. Here s the issue where we talk about Balanced and paper checks, and this comment in particular is very insightful Checks are also not reversible, which we feel is a significant drawback.Anyway, no matter what you do, feel free to ping me if you have any questions payments related I ve really enjoyed learning this domain, there s so many details, and they re all so important...
I would love to see an independent alternative to the Adobe menace
Very nice.Suggestion in the aspect ratio constraint picker, change free to unconstrained , variable , or fully variable to avoid the confusion with no charge .
I m sure it is. The customer paid for the launch, but doesn t directly care about landing or recovery. That s a secondary mission that SpaceX has essentially glued on to the end. This is great for SpaceX because it means they re getting paid to test their experimental techniques. But it also means that you can t use this as an excuse to delay.Imagine if you paid UPS to send a package across the country and they delayed your package by a week because they re testing a new cargo plane and conditions aren t currently favorable for testing, even though the normal cargo plane would do the job fine right now. You d probably be pretty unhappy that UPS is putting their own internal testing ahead of doing what you paid them for.
no other browser has containersTHIS. The first damn thing I do on a new PC VM. I work with multiple clients, they each have their corporate SSO stuff and its so damn convenient to keep them all in their own containers. Same with Google stuff, containers are so much more consistent to switch between Google accounts than their own switching thingy just try switching between accounts in AdWords .
Great article, nice graphics. His other articles are very good too. I d love to see someone explaining the details of memory management for the ARM Linux kernel with the same clarity.
UChicago s business school has a downtown presence in the Gleacher Center, but it s pretty well hidden if you aren t looking for it
EFF and co-counsel filed this lawsuit in 2016 The slow and steady pace of justice
I think that haskell is fine when your data structures are simple, for example tuples of length 10. When you need more general structures, like lists of lists of element of any type, then Lisp is a better fit. For example, I don t know any computer algebra system cas designed in Haskell, but have the free CAS Maxima programmed in Lisp.
Mainly parts for other things I own, either to replace broken ones or to add a personal touch to my belongings
NYC used to have one... Maybe it still does. I don t agree with it. Tax them on profits, whatever, but be fair. Don t go out of your way to tax a class of business in special ways, unless you re trying to disincentivize them.So, of course all companies should pay taxes their fair share of taxes. Just don t construct special schemes to tax a class of businesses.Imagine Detroit saying, we re broke, let s tax car companies by the amount of potential pollutants their end products could produce. Hey, they d have a windfall till Tennessee says, hey, GM, wanna come over here? We ll tax you as a normal state would as an exaggerated example .
Thanks for the details. In this case, if the allegations are actually true, and they accidentally used Bioglue on brain tissue, it seems like a fine is in order for the UC Davis lab. But does it really warrant an investigation of this magnitude? Why couldn t this be handled at the California state level?
Trailer homes are pretty amazing, especially these days. One of my relations lived for a time in one, and it was nicer than any apartment I occupied in college, that s for sure!I m a big fan of prefab construction shout out to Buckminster Fuller -- the topic always brings to mind one of my favorite quotes from the movie True Stories obviously tongue-in-cheek Metal buildings are the dream that architects had at the beginning of the 20th century. But they, themselves, don t realize it. That s because it doesn t take an architect to build a metal building. You just order it out of a catalog it comes with a bunch of guys who put it together in a few days, maybe a week.
Its crazy how nobody understands what HS2 was designed to do.
The most stable highly available consensus-based systems are dependent on highly available hardware and networks. As soon as either become flaky, bugs start coming out The network is reliable is fallacy 1 of the Fallacies of distributed computing
I wrote a hashtag extractor for a project am working but I have to admit that I am particularly impressed with the robustness of the regex! I am definitely going to use some aspects of this code.
Look up agent . Pull up uses of CIA agent in discourse around the world. Both the logical composition of CIA and agent , and some of the extant uses, will be of people generically working for or alleged to be working for the CIA regardless of their title or nationality or formal employment relationship.Just the search CIA agent Snowden will turn up a variety of writers, foreign and domestic, who have described Snowden that way.Searching for CIA agent Waldheim shows multiple sources including the NYTimes addressing the speculation that Kurt Waldheim, former president of Austria and Secretary-General of the UN, may have at some point been a CIA agent . The latest and most official evidence he wasn t. Also check out the passage Agent or Employee in the Encyclopedia of the CIA pretty strongly confirms what I described in common usage, agent means anyone working for the CIA, but in some contexts it also applies to foreign nationals helping the CIA. Apparently, in the CIA itself, agent is specifically reserved for helpful foreign nationals. But internal bureaucratic distinctions can t override the plain meaning of agent and global usage, to mean both that and more.
The DUP and LibDems are examples of FPTP distortions in the UK.The extortion by the Greens doesn t seem to have damaged Germany unduly, except by forcing it down the path to so-cheap-it s-almost-free renewable energy.
Went through a similar experience with our own Slack app. We had created a fairly popular app called Export for exporting channels from Slack in a variety of formats. It was an approved Slack app for several years before being summarily expunged from the directory when Slack changed their terms of service.Surprisingly, not being listed in the Slack App Directory is not a death sentence. It just means you have to invest in alternate discovery channels.Speaking of, the link for Slack Export is
Excellent! I agree -- I quit my job last year to get to work on climate, even though it wasn t my thing . We started Impossible Labs I like Sustainable Energy Without the Hot Air . I also really liked Stewart Brand s The Whole Earth . Both books are written from a technology engineering perspective, which I like.Check out an open source project tracking and mapping carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. On github yea, second the What are some good sources of climate data to analyze post!
I use my Fisher Space Pen almost exclusively. It hasn t let me down.
Not having extended partitions as a concept to deal withYou can BIOS boot from a GPT-partitioned disk just fine. OS booting not dependant on load an MSDOS bootblock from LBA offset X The only offset that s hardcoded by the BIOS is LBA block 0. The rest is from your bootloader. And GPT partitioning allows you to put the bootloader code in a proper partition rather than in the void under the stairs Not having a minimal straightforward shell to troubleshoot fromDownload shellx64.efi from the Intel EFI development kit. When it s present in the root directory of your EFI System Partition, most firmwares will include an option to boot into that shell. Or is your objection that it s an DOS-inspired command prompt rather than a Unix shell? Not letting the UEFI variables be easily user accessible fixableDon t know about this one. The linux kernel supports reading and writing EFI variables through efivarfs, but I don t know if that is predicated on firmware support and whether it includes access to all variables.
As another example, I and many other hardware engineers I know spent 2021 doing essentially remediation on current designs to keep things in production by designing in new parts . If there hadn t been shortages, we could have spent that time designing new products that will now either never be released or come to market a year later than they otherwise would have preventing their use for that year .
Actually I think it s slightly different.Champions don t fear loss otherwise they would never try for the last second winning shot. Champions like Michael Jordan, etc, believe they should win every single time because they are the best. When they take that last second shot, they believe it is going to score. A championship is theirs for the taking and if they lose, it s because they fucked up, not because someone else beat them.
There s quite a few problems with this article.First if you are going to say something is correlated it d be nice to provide an R 2 or something to quantify the correlation. Then given that price of bitcoin and cost of electricity goes back much further than what is listed. Has the correlation been consistent? given the fact that bitcoin has been growing exponentially I would be surprised Second if you are trying to predict what will happen to the price hashrate at the next halving it might help to look to previous examples. This has happened twice to bitcoin alone and many more times on various different coins. This will also affect other SHA256 PoW coins such as bitcoin cash, which is 9000 blocks ahead. Interestingly it s halving will happen 9 weeks earlier, not much lead time, but it should give an indication of what will happen to BTC.Lastly To compute cost of creating one Bitcoin, I established a correlation between the number of TH day and kWh day as value conv in TH kWh. To compute the value use 606024TH_sconv energy_cost 1600Huh?Where does the 1600 value come from? There are currently 1800 new bitcoins minted every day, is that what it is supposed to be? If that s the case that is the cost to get one of the newly minted bitcoins.Furthermore it s an extremely common misconception that if you spend X electricity you produce Y bitcoins. Saying that there is a specific electricity cost for creating a bitcoin could easily reinforce this idea. It looks like the author understands how it actually works, but the wording used seems like it could easily reinforce that misconception.
Dumb example but still example from practical world. Your body assuming you are a human has trillions of cells. Each cell way more complicated than what a 1000-dimensional vector can represent, but maybe it could be a loose estimate of some properties in each cell. Now the algorithm could be about finding the most similar cell. Could be useful for finding e.g. other cancer cells based on properties in one cancer cell.Not that this is a practical example because we technically cannot index all cells in each body. But even if such an algorithm being studied today might be useful one day when we do capability to collect such data
I ve tried to switch from Tree Style Tabs to Sidebery twice now but it just isn t reliable enough losing my tabs on browser restart was an instant uninstall.
Yes, obviously there a grain of irony in the reply.
It s pretty obvious that it s worse to be an actual criminal, than someone who goes around and pretends to be one.In the same way that it s worse to shoot someone with an actual gun than to threaten to shoot them with a Nerf gun.The negative network effects on other scammers are also nice.
And reading back over those articles, they hit it right on the head Over the next five years, hundreds of companies will claim to have successful self-driving cars, Gurley said. But he said he s reading between the lines of press releases, which often tout tests in very controlled environments that do not totally reflect the real world. The part we haven t figured out yet, the last 3 percent, which is snow, rain, all the really, really hard stuff it really is hard, Gurley said. They have done all the easy stuff. -----Urmsson was trying to having it both ways, but if you read between the lines it s obvious what he was saying Urmson put it this way in his speech. How quickly can we get this into people s hands? If you read the papers, you see maybe it s three years, maybe it s thirty years. And I am here to tell you that honestly, it s a bit of both. He went on to say, this technology is almost certainly going to come out incrementally. We imagine we are going to find places where the weather is good, where the roads are easy to drive the technology might come there first. And then once we have confidence with that, we will move to more challenging locations. In an interview, a Google spokesman agreed that Urmson was describing some aspects of the project differently than the company had in the past. Yes, there was some new stuff in there, the spokesman said. That was obviously the intention of the speech To say some new things. -----That was OVER FOUR years ago. People didn t get the message and kept pouring money into it. Prediction if we get economically viable level 4 self driving in the next 10 years on a 1B dollar scale, it will come by way of a breakthrough, not by an extension of existing tech. That is, by throwing out tens of millions of lines of code that s been written and billions of dollars in hardware that s been designed and manufactured, and taking a different approach.
If you want to make an e-ink laptop with more functionality than a Kindle , you re going to need to handle scrolling, cursors, or motion of some kind
They also point out that it follows the principles of user choice, agency, and privacy, by being optional,Yeah, no. FF doesn t believe in those principles anyone savvy installing FF knows they have to dig through settings to turn off a bunch of shit, and delete Google as the default. It s optional now whilst they test it and then it ll be on by default.
I think we d have been rather better off buying a load of Magny Cours rather than Sandybridge for a university HPC system whose procurement I wasn t sufficiently involved in.
Gambit scheme also just works. That s what I use on FreeBSD, MacOS m1 and x86-64 , Ubuntu and Raspbian. Had a version running under plan9 as well but that was a long time ago.
The company can always re-negotiate, but a 30 paycut might mean you can t afford your rent or mortgage anymore.
Depends on the card. All NFC cards in Sweden are just as dumb as a magnetic stripe cards. I actually believe all cards in Europe are but I could be wrong.It s there, in plain text, any normal NFC-reader will get you everything there even are android-apps that does it in the play-store .
link?
Which is in fact what they did or even worse they didn t delete them at all
Is this true on spins as well, or just the default gnome install?
JSON has its own annoyance that the extra comma on the last field will be a syntax error when other languages let you get away with it.My thoughts exactly. I am repeatedly astounded by the fact that McCarthy thought of something abstract as Lisp syntax in the 50s and yet it did take ages for Algol-derived languages to figure out the comma thing.The case of JSON especially irritates me since its not only supposed to be easy to parse and - honestly - allowing an additional comma wouldn t be hard anyway , but easy to generate as well...Also You know something s wrong when all your SQL templates look like SELECT Column1 ,Column2 ,Column3 , ... Just sayin .
Nah. Autotune is killing music. Has anyone else noticed that modern singers can t sing? They have no tone. Autotuning is obvious, along with various electronic manipulations to sweeten the tone for singers with mediocre voices.Then listen to an album from the 70 s by a great singer, like Karen Carpenter. What a difference!
I really hope not. But they are trying.Every time I hear a story like this I feel like I read it as run far from this madness! and the local telecoms read it as still some way to go, still some way to go .In the end anywhere in the world there s never more than a few mobile providers, so I wouldn t be surprised as eventually they settled down in a nice oligopoly.While Europe has mostly had good contracts, it is very easy for them to stop doing that. Because mobile technology is advancing so quickly the can always say they are keeping the same offer but charging you for the extra.If Europe is saved, we ll have to thank the European Union, I think. Not sure how long it will last though.
Cool. How enforcable is that contract in China on a non-American citizen operating a company that only exists for a few weeks on paper to facilitate the transaction?How hard would it be for Iran to open a shell company in third-party country like, say, Iraq to mask the transaction?
That s correct, it s the display that goes to sleep.
My understanding of conventional wisdom from maybe 15 years ago was that we d run out of memory bandwidth for high core-count processors.Is this now a factor? I know memory has gotten faster, and multi-channel of course helps, but is that all really enough for typical workloads?
It seems very unlikely to actually raise much directly. As the article quotes someone saying, You d certainly see some people under that system change their behavior to avoid the higher rate, which could significantly impact how much revenue it generatesWhich is the real point. It s intended to do something to rein in out of control executive compensation. Particularly stock compensation which gives execs an incentive to do short term price manipulation. Edit that s what it did the last time the top rate was this high before Reagan cut it. CEO pay was more like 30x ordinary workers, not 300x
Twitter and Facebook combined have tens of thousands of employees moderating content and threats of violence lead to bans on these platforms, but not on Parler. The difference is pretty clear and it has nothing to do with Apple policing content themselves.
The effect is the same, and the intention is just as reprehensible.
Economists usually say that with constant predictable inflation money is neutral meaning that the interest rates adjust to offset any higher cost so that businesses shouldn t be affected by inflation except for a bit of menu cost , that is the overhead cost of having to update price lists more often.Low inflation has huge potential downsides in that fiat money can t have negative nominal return while it is quite normal for private investment returns to go negative sometimes thermodynamics says that things, including stores of value, tend to degrade with time unless you put work and energy into them .This is the famous zero lower bound problem. It means that when private market rates go negative, people transfer their savings to cash, the world switches from producing real stuff and building real businesses to people hoarding intrinsically worthless pieces of paper pieces of paper that might not be able to buy that much in the future because production will have gone down.On top of this, if you keep interest rates above market rates and inflation too low for a long enough time, that is if you keep rates high at 0 when they should be at -3 , market pressure will build for an uncontrolled inflation rebound when all the cash hoarded on the sidelines start flowing in an economy with lowered production. It is much easier to keep inflation stable if you keep it high enough so that the investment market can always clear and never hits the zero lower bound.
Jonathan Turley, Glenn Greenwald.
Enjoyed the article. This reminds me a lot of what Groupon used to do to restaurants in the early days. They would just get slammed by hundreds of crabby people looking to one and done them for a half priced meal. Obviously as Groupon became more ubiquitous this lessened, but I do vividly remember going to a hot dog and burger place and finding the two owner-operators absolutely miserable as a line of 20 people formed out their door.Back to the article seems this is why Shake Shack succeeded and prospered with one store being inundated by customers. I m sure this place has a lot of smart money wanting to use their name and recipe. Maybe not such a bad outcome?
Not necessarily a clever hack nothing new here , just a user-friendly interface.
Sure in the case of long commutes or exploration of different areas there are certain advantaged to autonomous vehicles - however the car is by no means king. Helicopter is even better for getting from random distant location to distant location.But this is not the majority of travel, and in those cases car travel is indeed overkill, and a hassle to boot, as anyone who has ever had to daily wrangle with parking lots and rush hour traffic can attest.There are different concerns with public transport, but the advantages tend to outweigh the disadvantages, and it appears this is borne out by the data.
I also think it s fine as long as they clearly communicate to the user that their search queries will be transmitted to a server not controlled by OWS.
Small dollar amounts, but not necessarily few in numbers of people. Granted, I m not particularly interested in crowd-funded equity, but crowd-funded interest-free charitable loans that Kiva has been doing in the U.S. have been steadily growing. at the bottom may not produce eye-popping changes right now, but could have some great long-term effects for re-invigorating small business growth which has been on the decline in the U.S. as I ve posted elsewhere .
But your ability to delete the data is substantially higher than your ability to get Amazon to delete it.
physical job for 50 yearsI think you re envisioning jobs with high skill requirements or low demand, or a mix of both. Like landscaper for the town, or garbage truck operator.Otherwise you ll generally be met with a combination of RSI, hazardous product ingestion dust, paint fumes, exhaust , allergies, injuries, or sheer overwork.Working a low wage low level physical job is more often than not closer to Amazon warehouse worker than artisans healthily exercising their bodies.
To answer your rhetorical question, America is coming from being a hyper free market system, in which both culturally and legally people were expected to fend for themselves. This approach was extremely ingrained into American life for 200 years. Culturally the attitude was all-pervasive, and it was regarded as something that made Americans distinctive self-reliance.Given America is by far the world s largest economy, and possesses a fairly complex sociocultural system significant diversity in most every respect, many competing large interests , I m not sure why anybody would think transitioning to a soft-Socialism or modern welfare state model would be fast or easy.
The price is off the wall high a 377 increase. Inflation isn t 377 its 4.2 . The price of lumber spiked nearly 100x faster than inflation. Actual inflation is such a small component of the spike that it would be hard to see through the noise.
Wait, isn t font rendering client-side? Why would the server have to know how fonts are rendered on my end?
Works for me FF 41.0 Ubuntu
wouldn t it be safe to assume that great people make great products?
When I was in high school graduated almost 20 years ago now , our lunch period had 30 minutes for lunch, and that included the time it took to cross campus to eat from one side of campus to the other took 10 minutes to walk if you could cut through the fields, but if it were raining and the campus flooded, you were stuck on the sidewalks and it would take 15-20 minutes to cross campus .If you were lucky you got either first or third lunch, because that butted up against the 10 minute inter-period travel time, giving you 40 minutes for you lunch play.But each lunch had around 1000 students competing for the lunch line, and there were many days where the lunch line did not complete before the lunch bell rang, and lunch was over.And if you did not make it to your class on time
Doesn t the 1B mile include station costs? That s the real killer for subways.
worked with both Draft and pre-1.0 Quill I m not sure these points are fair...like you said Draft is a primitive to build editors and has much less out of the box, so it s not a good comparison. However Draft does not only have buttons for toggling formats - it has nothing. The point is that you can build a UI and functionality around it to do arbitrarily complex things with it. The way it s described here makes it sound like the entirety of what you can do with Draft is toggle formats, which is not at all true. Like you said this is where Draft and Quill become most apples and oranges, it becomes a trade-off between finer grain control and more functionality out of the box. Agreed that API preference is subjective, Draft definitely has some parts of its API that could be more clear or could be better aligned with what it s trying to accomplish. A really important thing to note with markup that s misrepresented here is that Draft doesn t output that markup as a result - it s only used to render the content in the editor. The content is stored in an immutable data structure that lets you leverage a ton of React s upsides in terms of rendering performance. That structure can also be easily turned independent of the rendered UI into clean HTML to be persisted.
What s my budget and staffing? My solution would entirely depend on that.
Sometimes it does matter - a particularly small font, a colour document, watermarks, etc. Can render it unsuitable.
I imagine the lesson that will be learned from success or failure of this project going to be used for a long time for many other mega city constructions. This is basically a new architecture and design for an urban area differing from any existing ones.
Yeah I am pretty worried about this as a big FF user.
Yes, and everyone should be given free pizza for life and a new Corvette also.People need to make responsible decisions, that s all.
it s awful. it s like a single reddit. the instances are atomic, so you get world-moderators, who are all tankies in lemmy own parlance left, communist, heavily sided with russia as ussr continuity very toxic place. kinda like bizarro TwitterX.
The US also has considerably higher wealth inequality than the other countries you ve listed, and hence higher motivation for violent crime said, I wouldn t consider those countries directly comparable as far as their position in the world, and how their culture is affected by that position. Russia is probably it s most direct peer, and is comparably closer when looking at wealth inequality and homicide rate.
What about the VISA situation for Canadians to stay longer than 3 months ?
The statement is A B. A implies B e.g. long life, implies longer life remaining.The moment you negate A, both positive B and negative B, satisfy implication.I.e. you can t claim shorter life implies shorter life remaining. For that to hold you need equivalency, not implication.Here is an example. Rain implies streets are wet.Does no rain implies streets are dry? No. There could be a flood or street cleaning, or a pipe burst.
I m not sure legal stuff but isn t using IP address for identification different story from using IP just for location data?
The fact that this is similar to something already happened reassures me a little. May Lambda and other FAAS frameworks be considered the next layer of abstraction? even if cloud providers are using containers underneath
I liked the style. It was entertaining, informational, clear, and unique.
Thank you for this. I had been using different iOS apps for a while, some of them paid, and none of them really gave me the functionality I was looking for.Thanks to your comment, I just tried MiniHack out. This app has beautiful typography, minimalist design and full account functionality.The only thing I really miss after switching over to MiniHack is collapsing comments and threads. Otherwise, 9 10.EDIT Nevermind, just figured out how to collapse comments, it was different from other apps. 10 10
Flash existed for Symbian OS think Nokia smartphones way before there was iPhones, and those devices naturally had even lower hardware specs. I still agree that not supporting Flash was the correct choice for Apple, though.
Wow, this a thousand times. It s so incredibly frustrating to have discussions about stuff like this with people who don t have the same knee-jerk mistrust of the patent system that I do. I m not saying my reaction is right, just that it ll be nice to have something to point too and say told ya so... . Of course, the people I know who don t think that the patent system is broken are probably the people who don t necessarily know trust the EFF.
Dissociatives are the most under-appreciated class of drugs.Mechanisms of action are difficult to be objective about. It is a lot more complicated than dopamine and serotonin regulation and uptake, receptors and antagonists.Today was pleasant, despite every reason not to be. It s like the hope qualia.
But they may be nicer about it. Like follow up when you don t reply to the letter with a call before they freeze the account to try to sort it out.
I think some other interesting questions are Is it getting better?Is it going to continue to get better?When will it be good enough to not have a driver?No technology that s actively being worked on is done . It seems silly to decide that because it isn t perfect today, it s only a useless technology demo.
If being able to predict quality without spending time reading the reviews is important, buy a name brand and pay twice the price.
This is just a bug, sorry.
It s not - the pendulum is beginning to swing in the other direction. People are starting to wise up to and reject these group identity narratives, as evidenced by the rising popularity of people like Jordan Peterson.
While that amount of info and detail might be needed by a professional making furniture and actually I don t even think that is the case if you are good you can usually make do with much less my approach worked fine and I saved time by not having to remember all these excess details that really imo weren t needed. You think countersinking screws is sufficient if not overboard for professional furniture? Quality joinery is not done with screws. If you think you saved time taking the bit out, putting it down somewhere safe accessible, swapping the bigger one in, realiging drill and going slow enough to have a consistent depth you are crazy. Those coutersink bits are a giant time saver. The
Exactly, but it s an example as to similarly, it bugs me to no end when I see styled radio checkboxes that rely on JS at all. I m still wrapping my head around flexbox though... The naming conventions and rules are just weird and alien to me, and been at it for over a year now off and on.
More books for you - Never Split the Difference. And Nonviolent Communication.Because just listening to others, and showing that you care about and understand what they re saying, can go a long way. Not always a need to actually do anything in the real world or to say or pretend that you agree .Maybe theoretically this won t place you in their old group, still, you ll a bit form a new group where you and that other person are friends
Shanghai is a city with a unique role in the progression of the CCP and its global efforts. Also PLA Unit 61398 is in Pudong, the shanghai district mentioned in the article. Overall there s a lot of CCP PLA-adjacent tech talent in the area, and of course the local police still ultimately report to the CCP.
This research seems to overlap with their near neighbors at PARC, esp this paper which isn t cited by the Stanford group PARC group s blog
I had never heard of bcachefs. Thanks for the pointer!
That might be true if you already don t like writing Perl, but I have many years of experience writing system administration scripts in Perl, and I d pick it for that task over Python any day.I can understand why someone who prefers Python would go that route, but it is definitely not more capable than Perl in that domain.
You can lie about the birth date by picking something in the neighborhood and still be close enough to your real age to hit the creation path, per your comment, that complies with COPPA.
Std is not a dependency.
That s not true, there are plenty of articles discussing these sorts of topics written by actual people.Sniper in mahwah for example will discuss some of this for example from an HFT angle.
I think we ve latched too much on the pricing specifics. I don t think Miller cares I think he s just trying to illustrate that there is in fact a market value for this work, and that vendors and customers appear to expect to get the work product for free.
I grew up in the SF Bay Area and feel the same way. I thought that this is how the whole world worked. You have to be constantly concerned about having your possessions stolen if you leave them briefly exposed in a public place.Then, I lived in Tokyo for a few years. People leave belongings unattended in coffee shops and restaurants all the time. It s a common occurrence to see someone put down their belongings at a table, leave them there, then go order food or drinks where their belongings are out of sight.Sure, there is still theft in Japan. But it was a really eye opening and nice experience to see that there are places where distrust of others in this context isn t the default state.
Great deal. Until you get a Google Penguin penalty and have to spend 10k in employee time getting it corrected, disowning backlinks and so on.
The article even mentions this explicitly Getting the performance variation down was a little tricky. In several spots, we had to think carefully and experiment with some dead-ends about how to reduce the amount of garbage we were generating.They do say it was worth it in the end, and that other languages would have similar drawbacks.
The short could be a problem depending on how short we re talking. I m working on thousands of files that can sometimes be only a few kilobytes or less. I wouldn t expect to use it to speed the process of a single file, but if it could be used to hash a thousand or multiple thousands of files at a time it could offer one or more orders of magnitude of improvement for some use caes.
It isn t the same as going against T C and getting sued by every customer they have.
Hi everyone! I am launching a mobile app, and I am looking for beta testers. Mostly final years students and graduates, to tell me what can be improved.
There have been unsubstantiated rumors for years that the Taiwanese military has outfitted TSMC fabs with explosives that can be rigged to go off in the event of a mainland invasion in order to deny China access to TSMC capabilities.The rumor doesn t actually need to be true in order to act as a deterrent -- it just needs to be leaked to Chinese officials and considered credible. It also assumes that access to TSMC is a strong motivation for an invasion, which may or may not be true.In any case, the answer to your question depends on whether this is true, and whether the explosives are actually used. If the fabs are destroyed, it ll set the world back by at least a decade.So if you thought the chip shortage was bad today...On the other hand, if it s not true or if it is, but the fabs aren t destroyed for whatever reason , and operations continue despite an invasion, I can definitely imagine a scenario where the rest of the world just sort of shrugs and goes with it. Kind of a horrifying thought, but what are the alternatives? Attack China? They have nukes. Everyone will condemn China, sure. Then China will get upset and claim that we re all hurting the feelings of the Chinese people 1 , and that ll be the end of it. 1
You have lots of options. Meds always sound unappealing but they can be a huge boon for some. CBT can be very useful pretty quickly without any sort of drug, but it s not for everyone. Executive Functioning coaches not executive coaches! can be useful for practical work life organization strategies. Date around with EF coaches because many people with vastly different qualification levels work under that name.Diagnosis can be emotionally helpful they re often done by neuropsych evaluation specialists but you should talk to a psychologist or psychiatrist first because evaluation is a few grand, most insurances won t cover it if you don t seem very likely to be diagnosed including DSM-V criteria like having significant life changing symptoms before age 12. The testing itself is a few hours of tests designed to push you to your limits for things like working memory, impulsivity, and reaction time. I was waiting for the tester to say Reaction time is a factor in this, so please pay attention. Parts got frustrating but not like Megaman frustrating.Depression and or anxiety are commodities in 80 of those afflicted, so that s worth paying attention to also.
Yes, it s the same muon leaving a signal in the reference detector as in the mobile platform. Their example applications of guiding robots underground all allow for instrumenting the surface. It s not for navigating in the open ocean, but it could be an upgrade over radio based methods of guiding directional drilling heads and things like that.
It s more complicated than just a fork. Differently than the previous hard fork that split blockchains and created Bitcoin Cash, SegWit2X didn t offer replay protection, which means it was basically like a self-inflicted 51 attack 1 , orchestrated by the core devs and other proponents.The fact that is was called off gave temporary relief to the markets. It s hard to predict what will happen now, but at least it avoided tanking the market next week for now . 1
Forcing UI changes for existing tools is immoral.It is ok to add new UI options. It is ok to make new tools that work differently. Such creative endeavors are the right of the software developer.It is a form of theft to spend someone else s cognitive load on a UI change without consent.It does not matter if some people like the change. It does not matter if the UI Product Manager knows that it will lead to a better universe.It is wrong, but you will hear a lot of reasons why software folks tell you it is the right of the software developer and that the consumers do not have the right to retain the UI to which they have become familiar.
I don t do a lot of C, but isn t this just a global function returning a pointer to a KaNode? If I remember correctly this is just Cs way of specifying a type is a struct same thing with the line in your example struct KaNode output ... someone feel free to correct me if I am wrong though.
Context can t explain everything. Ive read an article DDG found for me and wondered why all prices were in DM currency in germany before euro . The article was really that old. Something like that never happend on google. Context can explain some fails of DDG, but not all.
I think programmers mainly care about memory leaks because of the potential negative consequences of using up too much memory -- programs crash or fail, or services frequently restart, or you have to provision additional costly server resources to keep things running well.If your program continuously allocates memory that it doesn t free and doesn t serve a useful purpose, it doesn t really matter if it s, e.g., being referenced by some cache or just completely unreferenced -- it s still causing the same problem and has the same solution that is, release the memory when you re done with it -- whether that s by calling free or clearing the reference, or whatever your memory management system has
SEEKING WORK - Business-to-Business contractLocation Available on-site in the Twin Cities and St. Cloud areas of Minnesota, USA.Remote Anywhere in the USA.I m a full-stack developer with experience in a wide range of problem domains. My business is incorporated in the state of Minnesota.Application areas I ve worked on include - Customer service for a Fortune 1000 company orders, back orders, purchase orders, warranties, inventory control, etc. - Employee scheduling- Farm data management- Various government records systems law enforcement, planning and zoning, healthcare - Electrical infrastructure data management GIS, power lines, transformers, etc. .I ve been developing custom software for clients for over 30 years, primarily using Microsoft technologies. I m well versed in Microsoft s .Net stack, as well as front-end development in JavaScript and its related libraries. I also have experience in Linux, Haskell, and Common Lisp.GitHub chris crtimmonsinc.com
Fair, I ll redraw it
This is a really good point that I think people will slowly figure out.We live in a rural area with essentially no school age kids nearby, so we re very aware that during summer, Christmas break, etc, we have to arrange ways to keep our 10 year-old in contact with kids his age. In summer we usually sign him up for the in-school daycare a couple days a week so he can see his friends and we also arrange to visit other families with kids he knows frequently, trips to the park, library, etc.However, in the current situation, that s all gone flying out the window. A least, because of where we live, there s lots of space to go outside and play without coming into contact with anyone outside this household. I shudder to think how quickly we d all go insane trapped in a small apartment!
You don t get promoted for removing actions.And now to drink away that depressing thought.
Oh yeah, most definitely - tooling isn t just debuggers, after all. I often use network traffic monitors, packet analysers, etc. No doubt in the microcontroller and EE world theres specific tooling too. That includes the humble logger
Can something be done to clone distribute it?
Easily recover backups of previous versions of your website s files, thanks to our automatic Snapshots system. It s free! are supposed to be providing backups.
Absolutely, yes. Using your CS skills to write CRUD apps is the path of least resistance to create economic value. Where I live Johannesburg , the demand for CRUD apps is so high that no single firm or group of firms can absorb it all. You can happily create a thriving software development business in Johannesburg without worrying about competition maintaining standards and hiring well is a different story .The most exciting thing at my old job was this DFS I had to do once.That said, there are very interesting tech jobs out there - such as scaling boring old CRUD apps. The high frequency trading space also has many interesting problems. Imagine working on a system where you start to care about nanosecond optimizations. I interviewed and failed at it, lol at Optiver 0 . You should check them out. 0
My experience is that vanilla Gatsby, out of the box, performs horribly on things like PageSpeed compared to true SSGs like Hugo or Jekyll.And progressive enhancement is kind of a solution looking for a problem, there are a lot of low hanging perf fruits you can pick before considering PE.
What will happen is they ll evolve or they ll die.If I had the perfect answer then I d go make my millions consulting for them, but I imagine there ll be some form of premium versions of sites
No, a significant amount of the comments here are about how Make sucks.
Trump is the symptom, the signal. He s not the cause.The cause is a system that s dysfunctional on multiple levels. The US issues are systemic and some have now become part of US culture and are deeply anchored as such. I don t foresee any quick and meaningful correction. It s going to take many years for the country to become healthy again.And given US influence all over the World, it s not good news.
Why do you think there needs to be one besides a politician wanting to look tough in front of constituents?
Filter old and new Hacker News link by tags.I ve gone through old Hacker News links and tagged them. Also, every hour, new HN posts are synced to Archfinch.Only posts with at least 10 points are shown, and automatic tagging uses the Delicious API no autotagging involved . Users can also tag things manually and they do .You can follow and block specific tags, e.g. you can follow linux, python and math and block techcrunch, facebook and iphone.Some highlights - all YC company news - videos that appear on HN automatically embedded - same as above, except pics - an example of how deep the tags go
Cause he redirects based on referrer to
This reminds me of the recent op-ed where the guy suggested replacing libraries with Amazon. Just a really dumb idea that is needlessly protectionist.
well, Unity already runs on iOS and android having coverage of all major platforms is hardly a bad move.
There is a difference, and all the html rendering code being written by google is centralization not standardization.I don t think the linux comparison makes any sense for this situation. Linux has very little to do with the web experience, where the rendering engine is the core of it. Linus s ability to change world wide web standards on a whim is close to non existent. Google is literally replacing the WWW network stack a good change mind you, but nonetheless demonstrates the level of power
Yes, it did for me
The XZ1 compact is only 5g heavier than the X compact. Does it really make that much of a difference?The XZ2 compact is quite a bit heavier. That would be great if the battery were larger, but it isn t at least not by much .
It is a wonderful post! And HN discussions
2009 era luelinks
I can t eat enough bowls of Aloo Gobi or the potatoes spinach version so good.Thank you, good idea, maybe I should find some recipes boxes for Indian dishes D
Software seems to be overrun by a mentality that any future cost is worth it to save even 1 minute of development time today.Because SWE s report to engineering managers, who report to other layers of management who report to the executive suite who report to a board who report to those who own a majority of shares in the corporation. The message coming down from on high is fast, fast, fast, features that will increase next quarter s profits, or even this quarter s profits. Everything flows from this.
One further point. I wouldn t be surprised to learn that facebook is burning through 1m per day now. would seem to agree with me 200m per year perhaps .
That still doesn t quite answer the question If the money is paid, there is no crime to begin with. The transfer isn t selling the right to go to the authorities, it s resolving the crime of non-payment in the first place.
I had the same thoughts. Some people need various kinds of medication, and that s fine.But if a normally functioning person needs to start Xanax for the purpose of getting through let s admit it a power-play hazing ritual that has little to do with the job, then maybe that person and the rest of us should go tell those companies to take a hike. The EEOC should, as well.
Look, no SkyNet ma! They decided that making careere is way more interesting than making robots.
Right, I think that s absolutely the right approach try to think carefully about what amount of money you really care about spending, and exchange the rest for free time or at least time spent the way you d prefer to spend it - now if you can, later if not.
Exactly my thoughts. One thing is to expect some understanding from people and specially friends but another thing is to expect them to be mind readers. People have their own lives and if you don t express your needs, unless they are very obvious, you shouldn t blame them for not taking them into consideration. geocrasher seems to not realize that the people around he she could be taking a cautious position to avoid getting into his her business without it being requested.
I always thought people who just agreed with me on everything were boring, or afraid to admit otherwise. I m no debate master, but I enjoy sparring with someone who knows more than I do, or has a view I hadn t considered.Do schools even have debate anymore?
Trolling is a art.
In return, the spanish get functioning infastructure, good trains, a decent public healthcare system, partial paid sick leave, 16 weeks maternaty leave full pay and half decent unemployment benefits.
Last I checked basic optimization techniques like simulated annealing and gradient descent - as well as a host of basic statistical tools - are standard parts of an introductory AI textbook.maybe the textbook needs to be investigatedthat s meant to sound ironic no matter which side of the issue you re on
Seeing as how he s stuck there with nowhere else to go except prison in the US, and owes what little freedom he has to them, I think it s fairly obvious and smart to not speak ill of your host, especially considering what they re capable of. I m quite sure he would have a LOT to say about it were he not stuck there. Yes, we know, if it were you you d be condemning them to their face.
TV shows have a definitive end, cliffhanger or otherwise, infinite scrolling through Facebook does not.
Proof of concept viruses are already out for this architecture, so it just becomes a bigger management headache.
Pittsburgh, PA - Bearded is a web design and development agency. We re a small group of web experts focused on inter-disciplinary collaboration as a means to create great websites and applications. Because we re a small team working on complex projects, our duties frequently overlap, and the ability to work well with others is essential.Bearded is looking for an experienced Interaction Designer Front-end Developer UX Advocate to help us build websites, web applications, and native OSX and iOS applications. Throughout the project process you ll be collaborating with the other members of Bearded, designers and developers alike. The problems we tackle are often unique and complicated, and require a diverse array of skills and talents working in concert.Check out for full details.
Classic example The V-tail design gained a reputation as the forked-tail doctor killer , 16 due to crashes by overconfident wealthy amateur pilots, 17 fatal accidents, and inflight breakups. 18 Doctor killer has sometimes been used to describe the conventional-tailed version, as well.
Yeah, what is that?edit I think its a boxing match. Guess thats ok
Did they try to subpoena the information? A mere task force lacks subpoena power.
Yes. That s happened with fleet vehicles already. Five electric busses parked at a university in China had this happen
Nations are more than identity-less economic zones.
I take issue with this narrative of an intentionally deceptive unemployment rate the Bureau of Labor Statistics publishes six different figured depending on who you want to count as unemployed
There are startups working on energy storage using molten salt. I don t know if it requires a special kind of salt, though.
He has 10 billion to spend. He could very easily fund probes to Mars, lots of them, to study the methods of landing exploration needed for future manned missions. Those first steps could happen today, on his rockets.
So I am an evil stalker, and I want to find out where my target lives. I know the Target has a Spouse. I stalk both, and spot that Target uses an iPhone, but Spouse uses an Android phone. I attach the AirTag to Spouse s bag jacket, in hopes they ll bring it home. With luck, from the POV of Target s phone, the tag will look like it just showed up one day , at least for a while. End of story.As a real me, I d hope that one could bring the tag to the police, and law enforcement would be able to get the details on the person who owns it? Assuming the answer is yes , this should deter most malicious use, as even with a burner iPhone Apple account, the owner of that tracker would be exposing a big trail of their activities.
Was going to mention PHET myself. These simulations were amazing when I was studying physics at CU.
It s free to sign up for an account and start making sites with it, and you can easily transition to a paid plan after trying it out or even remian on a free one.
Lots of anti nuclear movements, managed to reduce investment into the nuclear power, and increase cost. We have not opened a plant in 25 years. Research plants have been closed down by anti nuclear activists.Some of this movement is funded by Germany Governement.
And it would.. what? Use the display of your phone?Otherwise you re literally describing a computer.
Wow, that s interesting. Thanks for the feedback.
Yes, in the thought experiment it runs underwater. It s fine though because it can run underwater in both cases, so that doesn t ruin the symmetry.The article implies a situation where the pump is running in the opposite direction as normal, sucking the water in. That s not time-reversed though eg in the time reversed version, the pump generates electricity instead of consuming it, because the water is pushing it instead of it pushing the water
Bit of a sidebar but I really like Spike Japan. I wish they d compile all the blog posts into a book.
A fiscal conservative would do what is necessary to make the economy strong, and keep citizens educated. If you think putting decades of economic onus on the future of the economy is a good idea, you re not fiscally conservative.
Is any contract entered into by a child even binding?
I m pretty sure grep could do 185000 if it the data is pre-cached...
I generally used to flip channels or read something or talk during them, did anyone ever regularly sit through them attentively?
Honestly, I wouldn t put too much faith in this working. It s possible that I m just really bad at this, but the last couple times I ve been looking for work, I ve never gotten a company to budge off their initial offer even when I truthfully told them that I had 4 other offers on the table . In one case a company I turned down did come back with a higher offer a year later.
We will definitely move to wide bandgap semiconductors fast, where we can run much higher switch speeds aka clock rates without overheating
flagged
Those are two different things. The agency of his actions, which he exercised using his free-will as his own free-agency is orthogonal to the impetus that kicked-off his desire to engage that agency.
So THAT is what that is for... I have had some of these Bekant tables, never understood the reason that thing needed to be plugged in.
You don t accept the possibility this could be true?What s missing here are facts.To dismiss something based on something anecdotally unrelated seems short-sighted.
I was under the impression that most such fortunes end up disappearing within a few generations as the descendants squander it?
Good to know, thanks.And interesting. Always nice to see hard numbers.
Yes, int vs Integer. It does make sense that those would function differently. s And C definitely has some inscrutable errors, but to me once I understood them, they always made sense in computer terms. Whereas Java errors and oddities only make sense in Java terms.
It looks like you overlooked the Buy link at the upper right.
The authors repeatedly note the widespread inadequacies of the current research landscape.This is standard language in academic research papers. It is there to sell the importance of the research to the reader, in particular to journal editors or peers who review the article. It is mere puffery.
Eugenics was not the topic of their comment. You immediately assumed malintent. HN is a place of Curious conversation. Your comment did not reflect that. I suggest you read the HN guidelines linked at the bottom of this page.
I use VS Code and Vim. Are they suitable for learning Lisp?Better install Portacle, that s the only thing you need to install to edit, compile, and debug Common Lisp code.Then you can learn by reading a good book like a Gentle introduction to Symbolic Computation or Practical Common Lisp .
It may well have started that way online... but it s a real thing these days. I ve not encountered anyone who strikes me as a purposeful troll.
The 400k would have to be reinvested to grow the pot enough in 10 years to be able to split to 3 kids and have the same pot as before.
In all seriousness, is there even a single HN commenter who doesn t support worship this guy? Is the diversity of thought that nonexistent on this subject? I m just sorta curious and ask the question sincerely.
I have an appstore?
I m not even German, but I know this...Kurzgesagt In a NutshellAwesome YouTube channel, BTW.
My interpretation is ... by those and only those who ... combat evil forall X combats_evil X does_evil X but notforall X drinks_water X does_evil X
I really don t see what is so controversial about suggesting OOP has clearly failed on the majority of its original stated goals.Because it is not borne out by facts. The explosion of software since the 80 s ? was a direct result of OOD OOP becoming the dominant paradigm.Your posts remind me of this
You could modify the algo to not display additional content unless the person showed evidence of having read it.Not saying this would be a good idea...
I remember site visits more than anything else from elementary school. The newspaper printing presses and the local tv news station really stand out.
Ah that s what I ve been doing wrong. I have some junk mail to my address but not my name that I ve put not at this address on but they re on a never ending circular journey. I didn t mark out the bar code. Because I m following the USPS directions exactly
Every time design questions come up, design is made out to be some kind of mythical force people ether have or don t. Well that is not the case, design is a discipline like any other and can be thought to anyone willing, just like maths. The mythical force people see as design is what s called art, and is a highly subjective process based on feelings and emotioms, where as design is a logical progression from raw data to workable interface.
Penultimate means second-to-last if that s what you meant, what s the ultimate solution to those business needs?
Thanks Steve, that s a great little project. Thanks for clear comments in the code too!
I still love C , in spite of its C underpinnings that make writing safe code an almost impossible task in large teams, unless one controls what everyone is doing.However, whenever I see SFINAE mixed with type traits, decltypes and arrow return declarations, I am not sure if I still love it that much.
My OnePlus is on 9, there s some update available, I don t see the point. It works fine.
You should do it, it really shows you how far you ve come when you revisit a project from your past, even only 6 months earlier, you can see how you have improved.
The knowledge and design that has gone into the most basic of real time clocks is is incomparable to a mechanical watch.Have you heard of MEMS micro-electromechanical systems ?Look at these photographs and then tell me a Swiss watch is something to be impressed by. are valuable because of marketing. Is your sentimentality worth more because it s an expensive watch?
Almost certainly. All this has happened before, it will happen again.
Heinz ketchup is indistinguishable from Aldi ketchup. If you are buying Heinz you are just paying for some suit s Bentley
Hey Mikko!
Work for free and don t get paid, because, hey! You ll get tons of experience and build your portfolio. Now on a crowd-source scale! Sucker!
Most Hydrogen is generated from natural gas today and for the foreseeable future... It s no more an alternative source than Electricity, probably less, because we don t have Nuclear Hydrogen plants.
Yup. Goes to show that Ethereum might not be the best tool for DAOs. Need a cheaper solution!
In case the author is here did you consider Tcl? Or QuickJS?I ve written maybe 20k lines of Lua and embedded it twice , but I just don t want to deal with its idiosyncrasies especially one-based indexing and loops anymore.If I had to embed a language today, I d probably try QuickJS first. Tcl also sounds similar to what you described although I ll admit I ve only written trivial amounts of Tcl .Edit I ask because I m also interested in a simple runtime I can maintain myself if needed .
The first comment is apt This is NOT thinking differently Apple. It s not? Can you give another example of a similarly idiotic restriction imposed by some other company?On the bright side, this confirms that Steve Jobs is in reasonably good health. Nobody would establish this kind of Orwellian control unless they believed that they or a blood relative would be around to pull the strings. Right? He wouldn t be working to bequeath a death grip on the iPad software ecosystem to his successor at Apple.
Yea this is really not a big problem. Currently people are using Bitcoin to move around amounts as small as a tiny fraction of a cent. That s just a waste of blockchain space. We all know there needs to be a transaction fee to stop these so-called dust transactions
Oh hey that s perfect! I really didn t want to set up a whole server. This looks nice thank you!
it will never make up for the cost to the countryThe opposite is true -- smokers contribute much more in taxes than the cost of smoking related illnesses 1 , and more importantly, die younger so tend not to have the long lingering very expensive deaths of non-smokers.See The smoke screen Yes, Prime Minister , 1986 for a comedic take on this. 1
Actually this already is the SOTA of cracking. My honeypot can see several different IP is brute forcing concurrently, and they seems irrelevant. But once you let one of them login, it will quit immediately and all those IPs will quiet after 15sec. Then one of those IPs will login again to deploy miner.
I don t mind this too much, although I do use the escape key a lot while programming or doing other things, so that will take some getting used to if I end up going with that new form factor and if they don t release a laptop that has physical keys there as well . In fact, if they do provide tactile sensations ala the keyboard in the MacBook or the TouchID sensor in the iPhone 7, it might be better because the keys can be visually mapped.I m unsure if they re removing the other ports, such as MagSafe and the SD card port, but I hope they don t. I wouldn t mind having to buy a dongle for HDMI output since I use it so rarely, but I do use the SD card slot semi occasionally as a photographer, and I don t see the advantage of USB-C over MagSafe. Additionally, using USB-C could open up non-tech savvy users to even more issues than the current fake non-approved MagSafe power bricks being sold on Amazon etc.
I get phone calls sometimes that are almost certainly legitimate, such as from my insurance company, and if they ask me to give them any information like my address for security purposes I always refuse and tell them I can call back. The same is true with email. You should never be giving any information away, even if it appears to be a completely legit communication from your bank or whatever.The exception and a potential attack vector is when a phone call or other live interaction ends in an email being sent as part of the process. There you have to weigh the risk I suppose obviously i have replied to such emails. But i would never reply to a bulk email even if it came form my banks domain.
Or Hey, why did my AWS production server for my startup suddenly go down and I cannot access my account anymore?
It s interesting this doesn t make any mention of object-capability security.
That s very computationally inefficient.It s O 1 with iptables nftables ipsets. Moreover as I blocklist entire CIDR blocks, there aren t that many entries in those ipsets.
sorry to hear that! can you provide more info about your platform? this app uses webgl and we check for webgl support when the page loads.
Unfortunately, physics says battery-powered cars have won.Using solar to power a process to make a fuel before burning a fuel that at best way less in reality uses 2x more energy than just powering an electric motor directly is not sensical.
Not saying you should use it but to reaffirm GP points, the most valued company in that list, Stripe, started with MongoDB this is a financial company.
Must be a little bit like having Google enter your niche.Interesting analogy... given that Google is already in this niche with their prediction API
There is a lot of shitty software out there being sold for real money, while a lot of really good FOSS goes unmaintained and loveless.I think the underlying problem is the same. People assume they don t need to support good stuff, because it s good and therefore somebody else must be supporting it already.
Next.js, React, Netlify, Ipfs FilecoinNot sure about where I would store relational data, I typically design systems to not need it, its just a system design problem
Unfortunately no. 99 percent made me. But I deliberately made it to GitHub to others added their own Spaces.
etymologically, the term Schmoo or Shmoo typically based on the characteristic shape originates with the cartoon character popularized by Al Capp favorite example is the shape of a budding haploid yeast cell, known in the literature as a shmoo though as that wikipedia page will indicate, there are a lot of other delightful schmoo shmoo eponyms
How much you wanna bet all these addresses get mailed an offer for a Chrome OS-enabled netbook when it s ready?
Honestly I don t understand the craze of wanting to put EVERYTHING in a browser. I m sure in many cases for game development at least it s easier to do it native, not to mention a tonne faster and less resource-intensive.Heck, I d even go so far as to venture that Java webapps run better than WebGL JS. Perhaps I m just biased bitter because the open source radeon driver does nothing good by way of 3D acceleration.
Driving the user back to BestBuy.com to convert into a concrete sale seems much more valuable than well, they searched for cameras so they might come back one day and pull the trigger. Fingers crossed! Why wouldn t Best Buy pay for that?I search things on Amazon all the time without checking out. Those aren t locked in as eventual purchases at all. There are even things in my Amazon cart as we speak that I probably won t buy. I m often a mere teeter from pulling the trigger. Coming home drunk or being reminded at the right moment sometimes push me over the edge.There s obvious value in giving me the right shove.
I believe that it s an exploit for honest people s desire to be fair. In reality, it s self-segregation.
Uhm, I don t think google drive needs a linux client. It s not syncing right?
tpeng you re hellbanned. You ll have to create a new account.
Am I too pessimist, or it ll really ruin one of the greatest internet creations. They will have to take back their billion dollars investment. Soon a new Expert-Exchange near you.The collective knowledge accumulated is SO is fantastic. You children that don t remember the savage world before SO.
It is possible if core team decides they are better with something else. No doubt, there is some conservatism in the community.
Some network protocols for live audio performances do this.Filling the audio buffers with some predicted blocks of audio to avoid an ugly sounding gap.See for instance in this Thesis Low-Latency Audio over IP on embedded IP systems 4.1.2 Packet Loss Handling
...I m devastated...
I don t generally appreciate attempts at flowery prose, but that sentence is excellent. It expresses something that a simpler formulation cannot. It s actually a fairly concise way to communicate that specific idea.
If you haven t seen Mikey Dickerson s presentation at last fall s Velocity Conference it s worth a quick watch that video will make you understand why someone like Matt would feel the call to service he clearly does. USDS is a true example of everything that is right about civil service and has nothing to do with partisan politics despite being part of the Whitehouse.
Nice, only thing is it s not currently accurate. The U1 and U2 have temporarily combined into the U12.
Yeah, I was referring to academic editions, and the fact that you have to contort the analogy proves how stupid the argument you re making is.
Over the last 5 years I ve been slowly shifting into the Apple ecosystem. It started with a 2015 Macbook Pro which I immediately installed Chrome on because what the hell even was Safari? Chrome was basically the only browser in my universe. Then I switched to Firefox but I had so many issues with it. It was slow and buggy and made my laptop chugg along for some reason. Quantum was a good step forward, though.But now I own three Apple devices and have fully made the switch to Safari. I m so locked into the Apple eco system now though but it has made my life many times easier using the browser that s designed by the hardware manufacturer of all my devices.
If you replace all the pieces in a boat, is it a different boat? You suggest that it is, but I think it s pretty much the same boat.
Got it, thanks for the advice mtmail!
Thanks. I loved the thread its spot on about replicator technology.
Worth noting that most of these criticisms also apply to existential types, which are fairly common in functional languages e.g. Haskell .
It s vaguely odd hearing the 13th century described as ancient . Notre Dame stands on top of a set of much older Roman era ruins -- a rather well preserved city. It s somewhat misleadingly described as a crypt , but it s not the foundations of the cathedral as many crypts are. It s an archeological site that was paved over to build the cathedral.And that site was certainly in use well before that, since at least the neolithic. Compared to all that, this sarcophagus is practically brand new.Still pretty cool, though.
Would you be up for sharing your experience setting it up? Whether a blog post, an e-book, or whatever - I ll bet there are some people who would love to do the same, but use the experience of someone who s already got it working together.
Romantic story telling for a line graph, but really it is more like the profession of computer operators, originally drawn from the largely female secretary pool, disappeared as computers evolved from big buildings where you submitted decks of punched cards to their modern form.Nowadays we have IT, EE, CS, etc. but these are really different professions than what was originally mostly women. The first crop of nearest equivalent computer scientists usually majored in mechanical engineering, simply because there were no computer majors yet and the computers were much more mechanical, and had the same gender imbalance we see today.
I haven t dealt with high traffic systems but isn t a few requests per second well within the capabilities of a 5 VPS?
This data was provided by
Ad hominem
So the 25yo with a wife and child finishes a book, signs with a publisher, and dies.The book sells a million copies and the publisher refuses to pay the widow and child anything because the work is now in the public domain. Justice has been done?I think a simple period of time, like 7 or 14 years, or even 50, makes more sense.
What uses IEEE 1588?
This fails for dates prior to adoption of the Gregorian calendar 1582 .
Could you be more specific as to what it is that breaks your mental model?
It s far to easy to rewrite history in git.
yes that was my point. zuck in charge would be like if IOI won the contest
Buy your next suit in Italy where they fully expect you to be thin but somewhat muscular.
Why does ZeroNet not host their website on ZeroNet and uses a .bit domain?
Looks like you need multiple GPUs for anything 7B.
Just take a couple grammes of soma and enjoy your vacation, fellow alpha plus!
This is the Accellion breach, not a problem with their internal systems. This box is used for secure large data transfer. Like a Dropbox appliance basically. Except Accellion write rubbish software and the devices were ruthlessly shelled. Insert Cheeto lock meme.Arguably, the hundreds of Accellion clients should have separately encrypted their data and used some sort of PKI to exchange public keys. But try getting users to do that properly.Unfortunately, since Broadcom bought Symantec there hasn t been any good PGP solution for corporate file exchange.
This company has licensed it from HP to update it and port it to Xeon working on it as we speak.
Show them the life-sized animals in AR through Google Search since a lot of phones have ARkit now
I like to think that I want to know what SBF s circle of friends and family had to think about this fraud, as it was going on, but I m probably better off not knowing.
regexpes need to be fixed for it. if you have a sentence with - then what is the dot - end of sentence? or end of domain? just having will not work, since the resolver will look in the local domain first.
Try used collection only within X milesI ve found 15U 50, 18U 150, 42U 125 all off a quick first page search.
I would say that people mostly participate in the sex market until they find someone they re willing to settle down with.If you were seeing someone who you considered marriage material you wouldn t be on the sex market. Until that time happened I can t see why you wouldn t participate in the sex market.
I ve been using flowX for many years, first on android and now on ios. I ve found it to be incredibly customisable, and particularly good at visualising incoming weather. Gladly paid for it for years now
declining trust does not mean Low trust .And I m not sure about declining trust either despite what people say . people are much less likely to solve interpersonal differences face-to-face rather than through a public impersonal institution , it s just that institutions change , now we have large private-sector agents running our lives , and too many of them are in the tech sector
The reason to use R is because someone else has already made an amazing library usually some kind of academic research for it that doesn t quite exist for python yet.There is also an aspect that if you are using a technique you don t really understand you can do the same thing in python and R and compare if the results are the same.
Since Boeing is a huge asset to the US, in image projection and jobs and prestige. This should be something that the US take seriously and throw whatever it takes at it to solve the problem. The airliner being a success is strategic to the US
Young people in the West who are unhappy are mostly mentally illDude. Young people in the west have PLENTY to be very unhappy about, without being mentally ill. The completely fucked housing market for example here in Western Europe at least , or the complete lack of drastic actions to reduce climate change.
And homeowners are increasingly becoming massive companies rather than individuals. That s going to end up being feudalism, right? The ownership of these companies is going to be passed down through families.
Is this specifically for Google App customers? You re right I can get the same black bar and You in the upper left corner. But going any further results in Google is in limited Field Trial, Keep me posted .
I did. I reiterate my first comment again which you responded to all of that can be true, he still has no justification for spraying anyone with water. He needs to take it up with the city.I ll also reiterate my second comment that you responded to He needs to sue the city.That list is no justification for assault.
dead
Microsoft releases a phone running Android, Microsoft releases hardware running Linux, pigs are flying and hell is freezing over etc etc.The real news is that this is not just an Android phone, it s a really good Android phone. It has a front facing camera, a decent SoC, enough RAM, what appears to be an IPS display according to some sources , likely very decent build quality, and a price that is likely to dip below 100 or even 100 soon enough. Android phones in that price range are generally extremely bad quality, but this seems to be a very decent package.
Well, QED.
Bullshit. There s no advantage in going global with a stupid thing such as electric cars because there s so little demand for them without generous government subsidies.Cancel all government subsidies for that junk and let taxpayers keep the money. Has any of the socialists from CNBC considered this as a possible strategy the US government should pursue? Apparently not.
in some games there s a certain degree of everyone else is doing it, so I have to in order to compete , which I can somewhat understand, but obviously the game has to get to that point in the first place, and a lot of that is probably just children
It s funny people are still learning this, but I guess some are younger.I have hundreds of CDs I started buying about 1992 or 1993 and did a big project at one point making MP3s and early on in the iTunes iPod era they found their way into iTunes. I started playing around with MP3 Layer 2 and then Layer 3 around 1995-1996, but at that time it was still prohibitive to try and store your whole collection as hard drives were still barely the size of one CD. I think my computer in 1995-1996 had a 250MB HDD. In 1997 I think I got a 1GB one in a desktop build. But by 2002-2003 this started to not be an issue.There have been so many shenanigans along the way this reddit thread is just one of them that I gave up about 9 years ago.I ended up re-scanning every CD as FLAC and storing them all outside of iTunes and then ended up getting a Fiio DAP that could play them.I don t use the Fiio all that much anymore, but I kept on buying CDs and ripping them to FLAC or buying FLACs directly. I definitely didn t buy as much music the past 10 years though.Lately I have gone back to actually playing the CDs in a dedicated CD player and even got a Turntable and now have a very small of vinyls. Everything is off on the NAS backed up but yet it s somehow just more fun to pull the disc out and play it.It s like the entire physical media - files - streaming thing has been a 20 year bad trip. The loudness war didn t help either.It boggles my mind vinyl is making a comeback now, but it seems obvious it is because of the double whammy of the loudness war and the endless shenanigans by Apple and all other digital music stores streaming platforms. And the stupid thing is there are still tons of releases that actually sound better on Vinyl despite it being an inferior format because they have never gone back and fixed a lot of the loudness issues. Some of these are crazy. The Beatles Sergeant Pepper s album was re-released a few years ago. The Vinyl copy was an improvement on the older vinyl versions. But the CD version was a degradation of the 1997 version that I ve owned since the late 90s! Sometimes the streaming services somehow have worse versions than the CD.
Did it seem like that team was aware of Conway s Law and was actively considering it in their architectural system design decisions?
Sorry I know this is off topic, but I m a recently diagnosed T1D and I would like to get more information about Loop and other loop-like open-source systems.
Though fiction and overly dramatic I can recommend the show Manhattan as mentioned in the caption . of all it reminds of Vikings. Not entirely accurate, but accurate enough that you get a feeling of the circumstances.
An external SATA-to-USB hard drive docking station will regularly spin up and blink, and make clicks as it writes to backup. A kind of automated fulfillment of those audio yearnings.
Maybe not the symbol, but the article artificially constraining itself to M seems a bit suspect to me. In my country the symbol for the metro isn t even M 1 1
You don t get it. A never-ending stream of novel music that tailors itself to you.That s worthless. A firehose of novelty is almost immediately no longer novel.Why would anyone want this?It s the same problem already with streaming services and their own series. They re all already joyless and immediately forgettable. They have less and less value.Your breathlessly described amazing transformation sounds incredibly boring and pointless.
If you do decide to support Linux, keep in mind you don t have to support every distro. As long as you support Ubuntu it ll probably be good enough for most people. I say this as someone who doesn t use Ubuntu, because I run Steam and games in an ubuntu 20.04 docker container precisely because of how many games and direct-from-manufacturer software equates supported on Linux with supported on Ubuntu . I don t have any problems, and I get the benefit of compatibility, not cluttering my host OS with 32-bit libraries, and controlling what information the software can access from my system - no worry about it stealing my browser cookies, for example. The only problem is I have to use the Proton runtimes instead of the new Steam Linux Runtime , because the latter requires cgroups and thus would need a privileged container, but it s very rare to find games that don t work with Proton - recent examples I came across being Chip s Challenge and Hardspace Shipbreaker.
I think you re vastly overplaying his significance in changes that would have happened anyway. I guess we ll just have to agree to disagree on that.Also I disagree about being able to change the world best from extremist positions. The world isn t perfect. You have to be willing to compromise, and accept that you won t get everything you want At least in one go .Sure, extremists are sort of to be admired in how strongly they believe in their cause, and how they re often willing to die for it Or put up with using a 9 computer , but I think far more is accomplished by moderate, compromising people who work toward their goals step by step.For one thing, he s lost a potential audience - most people will simply write him off as a mad extremist hippy, and not listen to anything he says.And how much difference has the whole free software movement made when the whole of HN is salivating over perhaps the most closed device ever created with the iPad.
well they had to charge enough to get that 100 billion in cash somehow!
What defines a piece of software is not its feature set, but the feature set that is actually used.I think what defines it is the contours of its design. That you can whack a towball on a Ferrari and pull a boat doesn t make the Ferrari a tow truck. It s still a car, it still accelerates like a car, out of the dealership it is a car. It can be modified into other things. It is still a car. I am seeing real world usage of WordPress as a full-blown CMS. I am seeing it all the time. Are you seeing something else?I am seeing real world usage of Wordpress as a full-blown blogging engine. In fact that s what I ve seen for the past decade.
They basically decided the company was near worthless valuation pre-money.That may well have been true. If the company was out of reserves revenue sales contracts and about to end without new investment, then it may have had little value, and it makes sense for any new investment to work from the current value of the company.Can t say if it was fair in this case, but it could have been. It may even have worked out to your benefit. Without the investment you may have ended up with 15 of 0, rather than 0.15 of something.Or not, but let s say it was. In that case this was fair.At any point a company takes on investment, it makes sense to do so based on the current value of the company.Suppose a start-up reaches a point where it s out of money to continue, doesn t have cash flow, and can t find additional investors. At that point the company is nearly dead and may be worth very little. The people remaining may still believe in the company and, if they are able, may be able to keep it going with investment from their own pockets.
You seemed to be saying that the standards nuclear is held to is higher than is necessary. Compared to what? Was my question. I asked about the cost of Chernobyl, from billion at 2021 costso my point was perhaps it is being held to a higher standard for a very good reason. NB. I m not automatically against nuclear power, but I seriously question their potential cost against their very definite benefits. We had one Chernobyl, I guarantee we ll have another in time. Question is, how hard are we prepared to work to push that possibility, statistically speaking, as far into the future as possible
The over-usage of the -gate addition to anything that people take issue with is getting old as fuck. Seriously, can people not come up with something better? Also, is it truly a conspiracy? That s what an association to Watergate is... that or just breaking the law. neither of which is what is going on. I really, seriously doubt that Apple is conspiring to have their earbuds rattle.Please, for the love of everything sane, stop using -gate to catch eyes with your clickbait captions and titles.
Yes, everyone has to participate in ensuring security how completely divorced from reality do you have to be to think otherwise. And we need security professionals to remind everyone that security is important and we all have to be part of ensuring it.
That was probably from back in the day. Hardcore Goland user now! The music was more to promote bands that some people would never have heard of.
Spoiler Tail-sitting vertical take off and landing aircraft.
the reliability of nuclear is 90 , the reliability of wind and solar is 20-40 So yes its pretty disingenuous . Nuclear is a backup for wind and solar, not the other way around.
Well then, I guess I m eating crow. Thank you for the summary.
The problem of Microsoft buying Skype and destroying it. I actually like modern MS relatively much more than other Googles and Apples, but I will never forgive them trashing Skype, which at version 6.21 was damn near perfect.
Does uefi secureboot help or not at all?
Nowadays we call them rent-seekers.
Mmm, the company I met them at was using Business Objects Clarity Crystal, etc. which was where the inefficiency arose. But the consultants would come in and write optimized queries against the underlying SQL database because the Business Objects reporting was so inefficient. Basically they dealt with optimizing some very long, complex queries.And yes, I think typically orgs. today are using SQL Server or Oracle for these databases.
Why does the business have to revolve around IT? Why can t IT be made to revolve around the businesses needs?This is a question to answer by looking at cost benefit on particular processes, not a moral issue.It is also not the same as saying you need to put your IT guys in charge of the business.
My main disagreement with the article is the attempt to plant the religious conservative flag on objecting to casinos and gambling. Many american progressives, the european left and center parties, even the chinese communists almost unanimously object on these practices. In fact I d say that anyone with a rudimentary sense of morality would not think of casinos as a net positive.
Thank you for those examples. Converting sql manipulation into a function is an excellent example. You can do a lot in a few case statements especially with nesting but translating that into something else is valuable.I asked it to write some queries in relational algebra and it was close but it was invalid in ways that a non-database person wouldn t understand. Kind of looked right.
You should do it. I worked with PowerShell a few years ago and it was much better experience than shell scripting with bash or tcsh or others. Things I liked You get an IDE for free. It s quite usable out of the box and it s really nice for learning the language.It s less reliant on punctuation. There are a few special symbols and they are highly regular in their usage. Syntax feels more readable to me than that of bash thanks to this.You deal with objects. You can reflect on them great for exploration , call methods on them, while still having generic ways for composing them and manipulating in large quantities. Yet the language itself is not object oriented, which makes it much simpler than it would be otherwise.You get the whole .NET to use. Or most of it. You can basically instantiate and use any .NET class and COM objects and other such things without hassle.There are a few concepts in the language which unify many concepts from the system. For example you can cd into a directory or a key in the registry or a network share or any number of other things which can be thought of as a listable resource.This is coming from a programmer, so it s missing things probably important for sysadmins, like security management and built in process of signing and verifying scripts signatures before running them.One think I didn t like it was slow. The other nothing worked on it I mean things like python s virtualenv, which comes with .bat file, but not with .ps1 file , even Visual Studio command prompt. I ended up writing some PowerShell code for translating cmd.exe variables to PS ones.And, of course, it s Microsoft, so forget about running it somewhere else. But, all in all, if you have to script something in Windows, it s by far better than any other tool.
The volume on the screencast is way too low.
Therefore the coherence answer is exactly and precisely the correct one.The correct answer to what question?If the question is why we don t see iridiscence when white light wavelength 380-740nm is reflected on a wide film several orders of magnitude larger than the wavelength , do you really need to talk about lack of coherence? The fact that for a particular width the film will supress enhance thousands or millions of colors across the visible spectrum should be enough to make the resulting light white as far as human perception is concerned, I think.
I think even if it proves real, it would still take around 50 years to put in flying cars and such. But perhaps a bit less for using it in satellites. Still it s not too long on the humanity scale of time.
I ll get right on it.
I have to assume that they meant megawatt-hours, a unit of energy, rather than megawatts, a unit of power.
Given you ll eventually get that full software deduction tax break back, just spread across several years, I am surprised there aren t companies that will finance that to have the money upfront with a fee of course
It s not stored value, it s burnt value. Burning large amounts of value will never be an elegant solution.
I remember as a young expat engineer, I ve worked for one large consulting job doing UK s NHS s NPfIT project in 2005. I ve refused to signoff the architecture due to one of the providers not meeting requirements. One year later I ve written a 6 point warning to the C-level of the company, that it s going to fail. Then quit the project and left. Years later, I read that the project was a failure for UK. I still keep my warning letter as a badge of honor, showing to my family and friends.- that
High intensity heavy lifting is great and I do it, but for calorie burn, how can it be better than endurance exercise? I burn 700 per hour when running, 6 hours per week 4,200. The below article estimates 20 lbs. of added muscle burns 120 calories per day. That s 840 calories per week.
2. The MP-5 is just as military as the G36.What the grandparent meant, I d think, is the difference in the round. H K MP5 uses 9mm Luger, pistol ammunition with significantly lower energy, range and penetration than 5.56x45mm NATO. One of those is suitable for police work too, one is only suitable for military or hunting.This matters in urban areas, in police work, in use by inexperienced shooters pretty much any policeman except for specialized units by definition, unless they train in their spare time, which is somewhat difficult in Germany .5.56x45 absolutely is military and equipping 5.56x45 riffles to regular police units doing patrol duty in cities absolutely is militarization . 3. I doubt that. Yes, there are water throwers that are highly armored, but that s nothing new, nor bad.The emphasis of that statement was on more . While such hardware is sometimes needed, and so are militarized police units, the scope is limited. If I don t know, nor the scale of it but neither seem you more of such equipment is used, militarization certainly would seem appropriate term for it.
I guess that s why Apple s being called to witness - Google also throws a significant amount of cash at Apple over search, and Apple has not developed a search engine.
And the console. They set the standard for self-service. It s the most sophisticated enterprise software platform in the world and you can bootstrap without talking to a salesperson. That was pretty revolutionary.
I attest the following usages a couple of things _ is a general statement meaning, sundry articles a couple of specific things _ sundry but specific articles which the knight errant must not fail to fetch, e.g. dinner likely depends on it a couple of apples _ means two apples
One of my favourite mixes is DJ Mitsu the Beats Library Mix which is all library music. Seems not available digitally, but very much recommended video
What s the solution? I would argue that the Linux model is way more secure than the windows model of Google your software and download it from whatever website pops up . It also allows for much more freedom and availability than the locked down macos app store.It s a tough balancing act.
First 6GHz off the shelf CPU.
Microsoft reported 83 billion in operating income for 2022 and fired 12.000 employees. DUDE, WAKE UP!
I ll grant there s an argument for requiring signed code for GSM-capable hardware on consumer devices we don t want people accidentally turning their device into a jammer.But 1. closed-source driver code always has security holes. Having insecure devices is as bad for public policy as jamming.2. if I really want to jam cell signals I can take the door off my microwave. kids listening at home -- don t do this . Anyone who s ever flashed an android device will agree that it s easier to hotwire the microwave than build bootable code for the handset.3. the radio controller runs a sophisticated RTOS that I assume can read the phone s RAM and execute wacky RPC. And most cellular networks have experimented in the past with some form of rootkit or spyware. Dear Verizon I paid for the device. Let me own it.One answer that compromises between consumer needs FCC needs is to say signed code has to be open source and verified-build.I m guessing there s a lock-in argument for the radio chipset creator. Being the only vendor of software for your hardware means vertical integration, i.e. there are fewer companies expert in any part of your stack.
Apple had a long patent and design mark infringement fight with Samsung all while using Samsung fabs for their SOCs, flash, and LCD panels.Nothing personal, just business.
If you let the other party make their case unopposed, you are unlikely to get a favorable result.You can do it, though.
Why would an employer trust your vetting process?I mean the primary cost of hiring is time. Signing up for your service doesn t save big chunks of it versus working with a regular recruiter.And it is possible to have a business relationship with a recruiter. Less so with an algorithm or website.The problem with hiring is it s a market for lemons. Signing up people looking for remote work doesn t address a business problem companies can t solve themselves with a job listing. They probably don t even need to mention remote work to get a stack of cv looking for it.To put it in market terms, the recruiting market is very efficient. There is a rough equilibrium between jobs and recruiters already.Good employers have ongoing relationships with recruiters just as good engineers already have jobs.Good luck.
Absolutely. The difference I m referring to is that video poker games must be dealt as if the cards were coming from a fair deck, so the odds of each event happening can be determined relatively easily given a fixed strategy, and consequently so can you exact expected profit loss per hand, and when a machine can be profitable to play.That the same is not true in slots is the thing that I missed. That a triple cherry pays 100 to 1 or whatever is meaningless if you have no way of knowing the odds of a triple cherry.
I know there is something called open source Cola
This piece did not seem to be written by a human. The writing style would arguably escape notice, though it was an even a little too twee for a children s book. But the plot was so far out there that it s hard to argue that it seems natural. I think even most children, after having experience with children s books, would find something odd about the sequence of events.
35,000 people die from car accidents every single year in the USA alone. Other drivers are not really good .
They re anonymous but after the reviews the authors are then usually always? revealed to the reviewers. Let s not kid ourselves though, academia, and especially in smaller subfields, is made up of small communities where you can usually guess whose paper you re reviewing unless it s a brand new contribution in a field by someone who doesn t usually publish there. You can often guess who the review was performed by too, since the program committee is always public.
That s a much better way of putting it than the original quote.
Can Patroni tell if master node is not responsive because it is busy vs deadNo. But the contract Patroni has is this I only serve a master primary if I have the lock. If I do not have the lock I will demote.This results in that there can be only 1 primary active at any given point in time, even if the network is partitioned.This in and of itself does not guarantee no-split-brain situations, a split-brain can occur if writes were made on the former primary, but not yet on the future primary. This however can be mitigated with synchronous replication.
Do they have to collaborate to decide who gets to use the forks?
It might actually be two exponential distributions superimposed over one another. One for folks who are taking sick days when they are actually sick, and a second exponential of those who are cheating, which may have a lower amplitude for a fairly incentivized system which this is said to be .
I was under the impression that the website was interactive, but it s asking me to install a node module. Is that how you submit the challenges?
For me digital is useful for being able to do lookups of something I already know but forgot the details to. However learning something I don t know I cannot be constrained to a tiny phone screen, or a chair, or a laptop. Anything with a screen ends up being associated with other content and it s very difficult to move away from that. With a physical book, I can nest, and I ll actually read it.My peers have it worse than I do, anything with a screen is snapchat, tiktok, insta, text messages, etc etc. There s so much distraction almost programmed into us.I do respect that though. Some people learn better digitally or at least don t mind it, and that is the most accessible method. Thank you for your thoughts.
That s a very pg way of arguing, but I think it doesn t pay to simplify that much in this case. Both a and b can be the product of imperfect information.If a lot of new investors are trying to enter the market, the only thing they can really compete with the likes of Khosla Ventures with is valuations. Experienced investors are pricing things based on future they feel their experience can help bring about - but newer players can outbid them by simply being less informed. That could lead to a significant over-valuations by upping the immediate value and reducing the long term prospects which is going to be bad for the startup.
Many would argue that the pamphlet is in itself untrustworthy state propaganda, so I can t even begin to guess at a good solution.
Is this like a commercial or someone s actual opinion?
For anyone who wants to give LineageOS a try but can t won t figure out how to jailbreak your phone to install it, check out have a decent selection of relatively modern phones. They will sell you a phone with LineageOS and microG pre-installed CalyxOS or GrapheneOS also . They offer a super smooth buying experience and they are also quick to ship.I ve purchased two phones from them and both have exceeded my expectations. Another reason I like them is because the owners put out a lot of excellent content on keeping good privacy practices and combating invasive advertising.My only complaint is that I wish they offered more phone models. It s a small thing though. I m just happy they re available in the USA where it s becoming nearly impossible to purchase a smartphone that doesn t have a carrier-enforced restriction on flashing the bootloader.
Hello everyone,i would like to a help a friend who helped me get out of a dysfunctional and abusive relationship and helped me get proof of infidelity from my ex husband s devices.If you have a similar problem or you need to hack any device or website and you require 100 guarantee and anonymity, reach out to this computer guru via email with BLACKSPOTHACK GMAIL DOT COM
After receiving extensive feedback, I believe that one of the most effective ways to foster innovation in CoCM is by developing open-source software that is accessible and customizable for everyone. As a result, I have made the decision to fully open-source Akello s registry, which can be found at this link You can also explore a demo of it at am adhering to an Open Core model, which means that everything related to Akello will be transparent and publicly available. This includes our infrastructure, product roadmap, design work, product decisions, and more except for code related security privacy hosted by Akello .If you are interested in contributing or sharing your ideas, please don t hesitate to join me here
I ve been considering a patreon page, but the best way is to help share the site with people learning math students, family friends, etc. . A genuine recommendation is one of the best things I can ask for. Thank you!
But to be clear the money always kept coming! On a per-user basis it even increased over the years.Well if the number of users diminishes...
Offline in-browser semantic search with only a small model sounds like it has some great potential!I d love to see a more compelling example demo. The demo page you have is fairly short and the content being searched seems semantically very narrow it s all text about word embeddings! . As someone who hasn t spent any time trying out similar systems or trying to build something like this, it s difficult for me to come up with queries to actually judge how well this is working, given the small content in the demo page. So overall, that makes the actual demo not very compelling for me. I m left uncertain how effective it might be for a more realistic use-case.Basically if you had a better demo - larger and more varied example content, and a few example queries to show off what this can do - then I think the whole thing would be more immediately interesting to me .
Wonder if Panic will switch to an LLVM-based toolchain moving forward.
Oops - you re right. I m using the term character for both the intuitive and documented definition, but the documented term I m referring to is actually grapheme cluster.
DNA has been used to help free people, but even when the evidence is available it s often suppressed to get a conviction.
Doesn t the HTML input pattern attribute help solve this with a RegEx?
If every time FB hits a new low it makes HN front page then we are going to have a very boring front page.I fully expect FB to drop below 10.
They probably should have offered mutually exclusive categories such as Catholic, Protestant, Orthodox, Mormon, and Other Christian so that the inevitable argument over is ____ really Christian? could have been avoided. Sigh.
That was me. I was great at calculus type things, but Matrix Theory hit me like a ton of bricks. I still have that text book, sitting on my other desk, staring menacingly at me from across the room Matrix Analysis, Horn and Johnson. Geometry in High School gave me a taste, but would have been nice had we had available another proof based class in the math curriculum Formal Logic or Discrete Maths at a high school level. Maybe even Linear Algebra?I am deeply confused by a curriculum which separates Matrix Theory from Linear Algebra. The description in the Wikipedia category just barely helps Matrix theory is a branch of mathematics which is focused on study of matrices. Initially, it was a sub-branch of linear algebra, but soon it grew to cover subjects related to graph theory, algebra, combinatorics and statistics as well.The University of Missouri has a Matrix Theory course Basic properties of matrices, determinants, vector spaces, linear transformations, eigenvalues, eigenvectors, and Jordan normal forms. Introduction to writing proofs.... which specifies a textbook Linear Algebra with Applications 7th edition by Steven J. Leon... which deepens my confusion. If you re taking that course, how is it not an introductory Linear Algebra course?And this MathOverflow answer obfuscates again Let me elaborate a little on what Steve Huntsman is talking about. A matrix is just a list of numbers, and you re allowed to add and multiply matrices by combining those numbers in a certain way. When you talk about matrices, you re allowed to talk about things like the entry in the 3rd row and 4th column, and so forth. In this setting, matrices are useful for representing things like transition probabilities in a Markov chain, where each entry indicates the probability of transitioning from one state to another. You can do lots of interesting numerical things with matrices, and these interesting numerical things are very important because matrices show up a lot in engineering and the sciences. In linear algebra, however, you instead talk about linear transformations, which are not I cannot emphasize this enough a list of numbers, although sometimes it is convenient to use a particular matrix to write down a linear transformation. The difference between a linear transformation and a matrix is not easy to grasp the first time you see it, and most people would be fine with conflating the two points of view. However, when you re given a linear transformation, you re not allowed to ask for things like the entry in its 3rd row and 4th column because questions like these depend on a choice of basis. Instead, you re only allowed to ask for things that don t depend on the basis, such as the rank, the trace, the determinant, or the set of eigenvalues. This point of view may seem unnecessarily restrictive, but it is fundamental to a deeper understanding of pure mathematics.If I try to parse charitably, I come away with the idea that Matrix Theory is about matrices as a data structure, usable for many things outside the scope of Linear Algebra, where they re all about using matrices to represent linear transformations. It s the difference between a column of numbers on a shopping bill and a column of numbers which represents a vector in a space with a specified basis. Gotcha.However, this answer directly contradicts what the University of Missouri calls Matrix Theory, which is so Linear Algebra they even use a Linear Algebra textbook. It also... I don t know, trivializes the field of Matrix Theory. So you can manipulate matrices. So what? They show up a lot because they re used to represent specific things. Is the course going to barely introduce a lot of specific things and then focus on the matrix representation? What a waste!
Context for those who don t know ago, I was a computer science major at Tulane University. At the time, Tulane put CS in the school of engineering, so every first year had to take a mandatory engineering safety class. The first day of class, they turned off the lights and played a home movie that was recorded during the dance at the Hyatt-Regecy. The video cuts out right before the disaster, but there is audio from one of the musicians, and they played that.Sitting in a dark room listening to a huge crash followed by screams of pain and terror fully instilled the importance of engineering safety in me. This was 20 years ago and I still remember it clearly.Often I wish everyone had some mandatory class like that to teach them the seriousness of the consequences of our actions.
A free ISA is about more than saving a few pennies on each board in royalties, it s about having a chip you can truly trust. One that doesn t have some opaque binary blob running at ring -2. One where nothing is encrypted by a key only the manufacturer and whomever they can strike a deal with has. About hardware you truly own and control.This has basically nothing to do with the ISA. It s not the ISA that hides secrets and requires binary blobs. A chip is much more than an instruction set, hence why dealing with the proprietary undocumented garbage to bring up a new ARM SoC is a pain in the ass even if you ve memorized every ARM instruction down to its encoding...If RISC-V gets picked up and used by mainstream chipmakers in the SBC TV BOX mobile space, there is no doubt we will end up with chips that have proprietary undocumented garbage interfaces. Just like they also now take something like the open source ATF or OP-TEE, implement support for their own chip, and then publish a binary blob without source code.
memory of using Java desktop apps in 2001 where they ate a ton of ram, seemed horrendously slow,Note that the horrible end user experience of running java programs or java plug-ins in the browser back in the day, never was indicative at all of how it s for running on servers and those kind of workloads. The stuff I ve written in java for backends have been blazingly fast compared to python for instance and with much better tooling. So devs choose java jvm because it works well, despite some shortcomings in some areas.Btw, I think you d find today s java desktop apps to be snappier than you d think especially compared to electron for instance . Bundling the jvm removes the hassle of having to install something separate and version issues. And AOT compilation and the new modularity of the stdlib makes the files smaller and quicker to load.
Maintenance is time too. So pulling over and getting gas, bringing a car in for an oil change replacing air filter shocks tire realignment etc.You have to get smog checks regularly. Parking tickets, speeding tickets, street cleaning. Maybe even a parking sticker.Also, don t ever get into an accident. I think a range depending on your risk profile makes more sense. Low end would be 3178 high end might be double that.Do you drink smoke weed sleepy as hell and drive ever? Owning a car puts you at a higher risk for paying much more for making poor driving mistakes whereas a comparable situation wouldn t hold you personally liable for the same mistakes if it happen in a ride-sharing car.On top of all this, you run your car into the ground and regularly buy a new one?You ve grossly underestimated the cost of owning a car to a frustrating degree. Owning a car blows if you live in a city.
I was told this indeed works.
It was part strategy in that I kept my day job web developer at a university and split my paycheck with my two co-founders so that we could start our business product. I would work on the idea on nights and weekends.Luck and faith came into play when we applied to YC and were accepted. At that point I quit my job to move to Mountain View.There are no regrets today, but it was a difficult decision at the time. Keeping my day job allowed me to still feel secure while also pursuing something ambitious.
The bottom line is usually You should keep in house what can gain you a competitive advantage your core business , other stuff can be outsourced if it saves costs .That s an oversimplification, but it sums up what the general thinking should be.
All the industries they are looking at bailing out already are huge political donors airlines, oil gas, etc.These industries have already priced in that they can do whatever the hell they want, completely fall apart and they will get bailed out.They know that 1. They are needed, or seen as needed by politicians2. The appetite for true nationalization of industries is extremely low in the US, so they will get bailed out instead of taken over by govt.
Anyhow, long story short sales taxes are, and must always be, a regressive tax on the poor.Doubtful how about a sales tax that exclusively applies to mega-yachts?
I would do this Let i n 3 0 n 5 0 Then map output as n, Fizz , Buzz , FizzBuzz
Funny, the kid is behaving like the parent. Where could that come from?
More information from ET himself, including a partial answer to csmeder s I still don t quite get why he is selling everything summary He no longer needs these books for research purposes if I ve interpreted his slightly cryptic language correctly, he s selling them to finance his museum gallery and some space for landscape sculpture .
I really recoment the tutorials from are run from the command line, they will make you think and they have from super simple tutorials to more complex stuff. You can also learn the ES6 syntax or other fancy things when you know enough javascript.
But that s not true every individual household and business is trying to maximize their profits or at least, those that aren t are replaced by those that are , reducing their expenditures and increasing their revenues. In the presence of a stable money supply and stable prices, the only way to do this is through innovation and better efficiency you reduce the value of your inputs, or you increase the value of the outputs. In the presence of external variations in the cost of capital, it becomes more profitable to capture that external capital than it is to increase efficiency.Peter Thiel and many other observers have noted that American innovativeness and productivity growth fell off a cliff c. 1971 1 . He blames government regulation however, a more likely explanation is that Nixon turned the U.S. dollar into a fully-fiat currency right around then, incentivizing people to compete for newly-created dollars rather than capture more of the ones circulating through the economy.The causality might run the other way around too, as the Fed holds rates artificially low to paper over low real productivity growth, but this is not an improvement it just means that we have a feedback loop between money-supply growth, inflation, and low real economic growth. 1
It s braggy and reeks of narcissism. It s also probably not true.
For tvs there s not much of an advantage over OLED. Burn in is not much of an issue these days and for most people OLED tvs are bright enough.Makes more sense for monitors than tvs IMO.
Isn t this GObject?
Yeah, I was coming to say it can be done right, and that s your point too. If you spend the time to put what a thing does, why it does it, and how it does it, with meaningful hyperlinks to related things, then the auto-collected docs can be really slick.Maybe auto-collected is a better term for this than auto-generated . I agree that auto-generated docs almost by definition don t add much. But if you go in and write narrative and have it get nicely collected into a slick hyperlinked webpage by things like doxygen and Sphinx, then that s great.
Atmel has been really good about supporting CPU footprints over many generations their customers don t like redesigns either , and the FCC rules seem to give you a pass as long as you haven t changed things electrically. There s actually a reasonable amount of wiggle room - basically if there is no reason a board should perform differently, they say it doesn t need to be recertified. at least, that s what they say That said, our goal is to brave the waters of the FCC to provide quality radio products to the open source community. If we succeed in getting funded, we should be able to handle the occasional new testing needed for any product changes.We have some higher volume plans which will help pay for that. Arduino is only part of what we re doing. This all started because there weren t any open source module designs for the CC1100 radio, so I made one and put it on github actually I was using the 2.4ghz CC2500 at first . Eventually I slapped an arduino on, and boom, useful thing!
Some of us were doing ATV on the 70cm band 25 years ago.
Obligatory XKCD
For one the iCloud leaks had not one thing to do with cloud computing. Nor did the dropbox one you linked. Those were application level problems, and could well have occurred with on premises based storage obviously with a public interface for an icloud issue . Let me assure you that bad synch algorithms have caused data loss before the cloud. Applications can fail to backup or record things.Also I provided only links to ECC proof.
Also unlike back in the day, this set of layoffs feel looks largely opportunistic as a way to kowtow to wall st. The veil is off. Companies are unashamedly open about who they are in bed with. Agree the bubble is inflation induced and the fed is trying to demand more unemployment to cut down spending. Wouldn t an alternative be investing in public infrastructure housing projects instead? I do feel very frustrated and ignorant at not being able to grasp this entangled web all the while normalizing the blood letting and sacrifice of real human livelihood for the sole enrichment of wall st.
My impression was that the pre-change cancellation rate was based on all customers over the lifetime of the product they did calculate the 61 day average from this , whereas the post-change was only for the new customers in the last two months the max it could be, and the only thing it makes sense to measure .
I actually found that rapid-prototyping works best for me and I was able to deliver fairly good results using it. In fact I am starting a consultancy in month or two that will use rapid prototyping and other best practices I observed as effective.My goal is to provide environment where clients would feel their input is steering project and they are getting results they want, also that developers and others working on a project would like clear direction and ability to show their best skills. Sounds a lot, I know.
Sounds like they re doing it properly then!
Tariffs wont be paid for by Mexico in any case, they ll be passed on to the US consumers
Wait, you re telling me the company that implemented the Infinite Money Cheat Code isn t entirely legit?
If anyone has any reading suggestions or research I should look into, I m all ears
I try to avoid software in general as much as possible.
I got sick of this malarkey years ago with HTC.Oneplus phones just unlock when told OEM unlock over the adb. No big brother home to phone, no bullshit begging for the rights to my device. If I decide to unlock it the worst I get is a nagscreen at boot with a scary warning about security.
yes SAMEORIGIN DENY is perfect solution. but, damn it, insecure-by-default and any site is frameable by default so far.
Damn, this is what I m looking for. Excellent visualization! Thank you.
It is universal common knowledge that the ease with which one takes to math is different for different people. Why can t we just admit it and quit trying to make people who are unique the same?I disagree with this statement, especially at the level of arithmetic and basic algebra. While math ability is likely a bell curve I would wager that it is centered well above Algebra I, and whether a kid at that age is Good or Bad at math is much more mindset perception.
the GOP had 40 percent of the state and registrants for ages, which is how guys like Nixon, Reagan, Deukmajian, Schwartzenegger etc all got electedThe last is really not true Schwarzenegger was elected well after the California Republican Party had durably stopped trying to appeal to California voters in a way that could win statewide elections or legislative majorities and instead committed itself to appealing to the most extreme of the national Republican donor class. That s why they and particularly Darryl Issa, who hoped to used it as a vehicle for his own election funded the recall drive, aiming for an opportunity where they wouldn t actually need to get more votes than retention to win.But once the recall was set, Schwarzenegger, who had basically no connection to the institutional Republican Party, swept in and blew away the establishment Republicans leading to Darryl Issa s literally tearful exit from the race that he has spent 1.7 million out of his own pocket to make happen . The Democrats in California, a party with near zero internal coherence, and no real stability at all, win becauseLargely of the lack of internal ideological coherence and stability, making them able to run at least one candidate that fits the moment and district in any given election.
My FC has 112k miles on the engine without a rebuild. Still has good compression, but on the low side of good.Pull and rebuild is pretty easy though.
That would be truly free unlimited NFT bread sticks!
Also also
If they get you using an app that evades in-browser ad, tracking blockers etc... so is the primary reason, basically
I don t want to go ad personam on the blog author - but checking his socials he is not really experienced person.According to LinkedIn - Masters in CS from UPenn- 1 year as SWE at Google- 6 years as SWE at FB Meta- 6 years running his own companyWhen I hear not really experienced, I think recent college grad, not someone with a Master s and 15 years of industry experience.
I suppose this one isn t too bad in that regard, I think I was mainly thinking of this video video about leaded gasoline makes a solid case and the science and history are there to back up that Kettering caused the lead poisoning on this scale, but I think it s a stretch, or a gross oversimplification to say he killed the most people in history. I guess I expect slightly more scientific rigor and caution from someone like him though, I understand that YouTube videos aren t expected to withstand the scientific method .With this video, I think it comes down to the title. Saying he killed the most people is a reach, I think saying he poisoned the most people is probably more accurate. That s not saying anything to discredit how bad lead poisoning is and that it does kill people, but if you re going to accuse someone of being a mass murderer I think you need to make your claims really precisely and have data that really clearly shows a causation and not just correlation.The video titles ironically seemed to get more clickbait-y after he released this video
I used to mostly cycle to work when I only lived a couple of miles from the office.Nowadays I mostly motorcycle or occasionally drive the 11-ish miles. Door to door it generally takes 20 - 25 minutes for the former, and 30 for the latter if you pick your time.Taking the bus is at least an hour even if it s on time because it has so many stops and involves walks at both ends. I just don t have that kind of time to waste. It also doesn t run late into the evening and, which makes it next to impossible to work late when I need to, or to do anything after work.It s too dangerous to cycle.So, no, unless and until better alternatives are available I won t be changing the way I commute.
The state has gone downhill on every metric possible.Mostly because it got more crowded. As a CA resident, if you don t like CA, please DO move out. It will help traffic, for one.If ALL you care about is a big house and taxes, then CA is probably not for you. As soon as you walk outside your TX McMansion, you may realize why CA is so crowded.
Thanks, you ve inspired a silly little poem Step into my cloud, said the spider to the serf Your data s safe here, protected from the earth But as he uploads, bit by bit he ll see The silken strands that bind his destiny Scaling s easy, it promises with a smile But switching costs accumulate, all the while The serf s apps and files, once free to roam Are now trapped in a rented home The spider s web, so soft and full of ease Soon becomes a cage the serf can t leave
I mean, isn t it inconvenient to constantly be hopping platforms as they get deplatformed?
Oh yes. Rather than fixing the real abet non very sexy problems i.e. how to scale the system and while still keeping it somewhat manageable we design yet another super cool system that has the same abet different in specificity short comings does not scale at a reasonable TCO simplicity and get accolades for yet another front-end to a barely functioning back-end.Want to do something amazing? Get this into your requirement Give a modern i7 with 64G RAM, 24x 250G 6Gbit sec SSD and 2x 10G NICs achieve sustained ingest of 6Gbit sec of metrics over 1 NIC and be able to accept commands spit out results of queries over the second NIC while being capable of running purge cleanups of the garbage. Oh and let clients use SQL to pull the data on the flow levelNot only this would be impressive but it would actually optimize and simplify the monitoring in a great way.
So Python docs refer to both depending on the context.
pkg-config seems like all you need these days
She could have been doing a good job but others are doing a better job?
1. State. 2. Functional languages.
You mean the business practices wherein Apple is 10x better on privacy than everyone else to the point that Facebook and Google are now being forced to be honest with users, disclose all the user data they are stealing and selling, and disclose all the privacy and security risks inherent in their business models?Sign me up for more of those kinds of business practices , thank you very much.
For the record, I didn t say trivial .I said basic, in the sense of USB 3 is a basic component I would expect to see in an modern OS. I did not, and do not claim that it would be trivial to implement.
Fascinating work, very promising.Can you summarise how the model in your paper differs from this implementation of xLSTM ?
Could you provide a citation on the numbers hold up all the way to PhDs ?I found 40 undergraduate degrees go to women, while less than 30 of doctorates.
I d only apologize for something that I should have known given the information I had at the time.Most mistakes are only mistakes in retrospect, but at the time seemed like good or at least reasonable ideas. I don t apologize if I ve done my due diligence at the time.And I m Canadian, saying sorry is like our favourite pastime That said, sometimes I ll convey that I wished I had seen things better in the past, and sometimes that comes out like an apology eg sorry folks, I wish I had known this tech was totally unsuitable here .
The good side of this is that I can go fetch another drink while they get busy.
Additionally, there s a wide semantic gap between make the remote tree appear local and make a local copy of the entire remote tree .
Britain was a part of the Roman Empire for a long time. The lack of industrialization goes much deeper than river flow.
I don t have any insight into training GPTs, so I have to ask, what was this assistant trained on? I could imagine any combination of- Official documentation- Official Source code- Repositories on Github other VCS solutions- Blogs TutorialsAlso, does it emphasize GDScript vs C or is it intended to be impartial?I have really been wanting to train one myself but haven t had the time to look into how these specific GPTs are trained
Interesting. Would love to see it singled out for very low carbohydrate ie ketogenic diets, since the claim of those diets is that operating in ketosis is fundamentally different for your body than anything non-ketosis, and it doesn t take anywhere near median carbohydrate intake to get out of ketosis. A piece of bread or bowl of berries could be enough for many.Still it sort of makes sense that people whose diets are more balanced are probably avoiding the low probability eating patterns that may include very unhealthy choices. If your diet is all-lard or all-sugar I wouldn t be surprised to hear it s bad for you.
Which Alibaba company are they talking about? Because alibaba.com targets international businesses, so that can t be it.
It s important to always use the original spelling, especially when sending an E-mail on the Internet.
I was wondering just about this, if hormone replacement therapy is really that safe, as one can imagine the natural drop in its levels with age may not necessarily be pathological itself, but a protection mechanism. Like the ageing body were an old boiler you can t just do a overhaul, so as the pipes rust, you turn the pressure down, to keep it operating it within a safe envelope. HRT then would be like an unwitting intern trying to improve the system by cranking the settings up back to the level of a brand new one.
Yeah definitely. To be fair, I was kinda harsh, but it s incredibly frustrating to see people ignore core parts of the DS workflow because it doesn t map neatly to cool technologies. Especially when that part is the base for pretty much everything you ll do with data.
I m using a T60 right now. Love the keyboard feel, I enjoy a 4 3 resolution too.Can anyone recommend a newer laptop with a nice keyboard? I find all new laptops keyboards feel like a flat piece of plastic.
It s almost like they hate the fact that it is, in fact, a perfectly valid choice of language and platform,why is gitlab is so surreally SLOW then ? even on simple projects on powerful hosted instances it s barely tolerable
Perhaps they didn t count on their target s profit motive being so strong that the pipeline owners were willing to cause fuel shortages and panic hoarding because they wouldn t be able to add the dollars and cents while sorting out their response.
I doubt it, a compiler bug like failing to consider rdrand volatile would not occasionally fail, but would fail consistently perhaps every nth iteration, but it would have a pattern . I struggle to see how a compiler could miscompile it to make it inconsistent.
Illegal usually applies to criminal law, not civil law. I do know that there are some criminal copyright violations.My point would be just that it s not proper to say that copyright violations are illegal because most copyright violations are in the realm of property law, not criminal law.
I didn t think I would see anything about this anywhere let alone HN. I remember riding through the district and noticing the ridiculous poles in someone s backyard. Then another, and another... then I understood what was going on. It s certainly bizarre! You think to yourself, it must br annoying to have part of your yard taken up by these ugly poles. Then a plane comes in for landing and you realise the poles are a relatively small compromise compared to the noise.
Incentive alignment.Target smashes damaged goods instead of selling them at a discount so employees or customers don t purposefully cosmetically damage things they want to buy.If the failure state of a business is the founder can buy it for pennies and try to make something of it , then why wouldn t all lifestyle businesses pitch themselves as VC-backed growth businesses and then use up all that money and settle as a lifestyle business?
Your assumption is false. There have been a few notable cases of flight-over-water crashes in which the correct zone wasn t found quickly, but in the case of flight 137, ships were over the presumed crash zone within hours of the aircraft turning up missing.In other cases, particularly where the crash itself was visually observed US Airways 1549, Ethiopian 961, and others where a multi-day delay in starting pingers would have been counterproductive.It s also useful to realize that any change you make on flight recorders applies to all equipment, needs to be replace on existing aircraft, and concerns a system which has to work with very high reliability.
I guess the point is not some libertarian utopia, but rather to eliminate any and all institutions and mechanisms that fulfil this post WWII socialist idea of corrective redistribution.We don t need to get into why this concept is deeply flawed both morally and structurally but if the following truths are reasonable - Not everybody is equal in terms of value output, importance to society and value deserved.- The most important civilisation sustaining things exist at the tail end of distributions.- As such these things should be held extremely high in society relative to everything else.Then we can take these truths to make claims like the CEO wallmart is worth more than thousands of employees combined because the difference between a good CEO vs exceptional CEO is billions of dollars and hundreds of thousands of jobs throughout the economy .. let alone a bad CEO.In the same way, we can say the difference between a gifted person going deep into english literature vs the average person is massive. Does it really make sense for society to back the average person on this venture? Does it make sense for the person?Without societies backing, it would ve been nearly impossible for the average person to go into this world.The key is average here, I m incorrectly using the word. The lady in the article is clearly not average but is she exceptional? NOPE.Why does her role exist, why are the such courses in such third their colleges? what happens to the students..
about which part is the question. Or our media was lying to us.
This is a PDF presentation from how the original tree worked in 2016 imagine it works the same way now just with the added x y coordinates.
Absolutely agree with HeidiSQL. I m in a situation where I m still running MySQL 4.0.26 and essentially nothing properly supports that with the exception of the old MySQL query client not workbench and HeidiSQL which blows mysqls software out of the water. It s a really solid software.
Asia too Hmm. China? No -- WeChat. Japan? No -- Line. Korea? No -- KaoKao.
Can t work anymore because these days nobody is allowed to say who is and isn t a woman. I could request an Uber and a guy could show up but we could both say that we identify as women. Who s going to touch that one with a 10 foot pole?
Yes sure, but I don t categorise these episodes as losing the plot.Per my perception I ve gone missing in action for some months or even a few years during my life. Did not check any inboxes or report to anyone. For me, these episodes have been valuable, but yes, I am guilty of neglecting my family and friends during these periods.Summa summarum I think in some situations it is the only rational option.As Bertrand Russell said in The Conquest of Happiness One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny.
Some some of them in this very comment section take this and smugly declare qualia don t exist at all.
Food has healthy stuff and unhealthy stuff.Access to food usually means access to both.Internet has healthy stuff and unhealthy stuff.Access to the internet means access to both.
Plus, the academic job search tenure process is supposed to be a two-way thing as any job search, I suppose . The university thinks about whether they want to hire you, and you think about whether you want to work with will get on with the people in the department. Tenure then comes down to being an accepted member of the community among other thinngs .
That was my point - the article doesn t imply any causation, so the correlation ! causation meme is an irrelevant criticism.
Hype is a double edged sword. Without it, nobody pays any attention and you can t raise money. With it, everyone ends up disappointed and you can t raise money.
I am fairly skeptical of the claim that banning guns would significantly reduce gun violence. People who commit the most gun violence crimes criminals will find a way to get guns regardless of the laws.I live in a country where it s very hard to get weapons legally, yet almost every drug bust in the news also contains a significant amount of confiscated firearms.
There really isn t such a thing though for many topics as a universal factual info database. For many, e.g. historical, topics different books have different areas of focus and interpret events differently. Encyclopedias do to a certain degree and historical truth may shift over time but, in general, they re not the place to hash out the right interpretation of events.
Which instance? None of the ones I m trying are working. Maybe it s regional
If this is any indication, should end up a nice windfall for them
It s like going into a discussion about building your own custom PC from scratch and posting Just buy it from Dell! I mean, no shit!No, its like stepping into a discussion about how 6 flags has made it harder to jump their fence to get in and saying just buy a ticket Which, by the way, is the only defensible position.
If the designs are so similar - and I am one of the few who really thinks they are - then Apple would have no need to scale the Samsung device in order to highlight the similarities. There s no excusing this. Once was terrible, twice is just incomprehensible. Incredibly unprofessional no matter how this came to be.
I laughed when I read your post. I exchanged emails with him before and you described him perfectly.
Isn t the only way to implement a bandwidth limit to delay or drop packets during specific periods?
How they can assume or think that two programmers going to solve the problem in same ... way!It takes a lot of restraint and stepping back from being in first-person developer mode to understand that someone else s unique approach is quite likely valid. I purport to be able to do so but I still find it incredibly difficult to ignore my brain s initial instinct to start pointing out the supposed flaws in someone else s structure, when the simple fact is my own code for the same problem would probably be filled with the same holes - just in a different form.Honestly, there are only a few metrics that really matter when it comes to quality code 1. Does the code accomplish the task it s supposed to? I mean really, this is practically the only thing that really matters in most cases. Simply if deployed, will it work?2. Are there no glaring security problems with the implementation?3. Does the code not excessively overuse resources cpu, memory, network system calls, etc. ? Real excess beyond what is reasonable, not micro-optimizing.4. Is the code not a complete mess? No serial use of copy paste, crazy spaghetti mess, or inability or blatant refusal to follow basic coding standards?That s it. Deploy that shit, and move on to the next problem.
You said ... how aweful does someone s life have to be to consider fast food luxury ... It s very distasteful to hit down
You re arguing against a point he didn t make he s not saying that it s a high priority now in the larger scheme of things, just that the formatter should be there before it hits 1.0. The latter usually meaning when we really intend to unleash it on the public .Good standardisation and automated tools to help with it are not quite as irrelevant when you reach the stage of trying many people to work with the language in big projects.
That is precisely the solution. Tech platforms are far more culpable than parents in this matter. If that means your startup idea no longer scales - good riddance.
To me, fake news also includes slanted coverage of true events i.e. covering events in such a way as to convey a sponsored message, biased polling methodology, etc. . That encompasses statistically approaching 100 of trashy sources you re likely to encounter as sponsored content , as well as a healthy portion of more established sources content. I d be likely to report a majority as fake news in perfectly good faith if given the option.Maybe the term isn t as narrowly defined as your former? employer would like.Edit upon a bit more reflection, I do take for granted a desire to protect life and liberty in that order , and anything that appears to threaten that view will draw special scrutiny, and potential abuse of reporting features.
Yup, we re planning on supporting a whole bunch, including fancier things like gmail attachments, evernote, etc. Are their clients you d like?And yeah, you can use it on your site right now. Grab a key and you re good to go
Settlement isn t an effective fraud mitigation, or even operating in the right part of the system for it.By all means allow users to set such delays if they want them, but the technology enforcing T N really isn t a feature for customers so reframing it as such is probably a bad approach.
I agree. Can t you people see the possibilities here? The opportunities? Can t you just appreciate this amazing new technology without resorting to people these days bullshit arguments?Sigh.
It might be possible write a small proxy in Rust, that would run next to a PG instance, accepted connections using async and then forwarded queries using some limited size connection pool.
IIS management is done via WMI which will work for this version of Windows Server
No. Two influential tech thinkers that I admire and their views on Facebook Meta 1 Cory Doctorow Jamie Zawinski jwz
Just a warning to anyone who has asthma, propranolol is a older beta blocker from the 1960s and has made asthma worse in various trials.My doctor and psychiatrist recommended I use other classes of medications.
It s much easier to offer people something they want if you are undercutting your competition by subsidizing your business with dumb investor money.
OK, but this is theory. Can you point to any practical examples of people who were charged with a crime under the Lacey Act for a common, harmless transaction?
Electric cars are still less than 5 of new car market. Hardly impactfulThat is up from I doubt we re going to be at 100 electric cars in ten years but I would not be surprised if it was somewhere in the mid double digits by then. And by that point it becomes a lot easier to target ICE cars with legislation because there is a proven viable alternative. The increase in efficiency is more than offset by the growth in overall car marketAny given factor is more than offset by the growth in the overall car market. But you add them all together. Potential legislation in China? India? Emerging markets? Sorry but nothing suggests that is happeningChina has a slate of domestic electric car companies and it s exactly their style to pass legislation that favors domestic companies over foreign competitors. Climate change provides them a really good justification to do that here.And carbon taxes generate revenue, which makes it easy to make them revenue neutral. Use the money to lower other taxes or fund a UBI. This knocks out the harms the poor developing countries argument because the cost becomes only the cost difference between fossil fuels and alternatives, which is rapidly approaching zero.Moreover, most of the current oil demand comes from the US and Europe. If either of them, much less both, passed relevant legislation then not only would their own demand fall off, the increased economies of scale and network effects that would spur in alternatives would also make them more cost effective in countries without any such legislation.
Campbell is opposed to the reform that would restrict her ability to utilize SEPA appeals in the future.I suspect a lot of supporters of this change would be willing to drop it in exchange for somehow banning her personally from having anything to do with any future appeals.
Silicon Valley and CEO are just linkbait devices. When you rant like this in response, you re effectively feeding trolls. Please don t do that on HN it doesn t make for substantive discussion.
I don t read this particular interview that way and even in cases where that signal is somewhat stronger, it s still a mark of the CEO to identify a problem and hire an executive to fix it. That doesn t make them look like an idiot at all in my book. If they left a significant problem to fester, that s bad on them, but merely letting a significant issue develop and then addressing it is the on-going job of the CEO in many ways.
It s supported by both logic and experience.It s easy to see logically if we flip the relationship. If house prices are steadily increasing equivalent to inflation, where my purchasing power is decreasing , I want to convert my money into a house as quickly as possible. If house prices are decreasing equivalent to deflation, where my purchasing power is increasing , I want to hold off as long as possible.In recent experience, the rapid deflation of bitcoin has coincided with its identity pivot from medium of exchange to store of value - because why would you spend an appreciating asset?That s not to mention the other side of the coin that deflation is necessarily accompanied by decreases in nominal income because all the products you sell are cheaper in dollar terms, by definition and nominal salaries.And as coliveira stated, the economy depends on spending - and that applies just as much to an open free market economy. To suggest that the desire to want people to spend is somehow a feature unique to planned or state-run economies is nonsense.
Previous discussions about this study 241 points, 13 days ago 93 points, 12 days ago 29 points, 7 hours ago
So? Why is that surprising?
Oooh, manufactured intrigue. -
Facebook is only entitled to use data on us however it sees fit because we allow it to. There is no reason that a culture should not restrict such activities by law if they are detrimental.
His apparently original post, automation is an inductive proof that Marx was wrong, along with that recent pseudophilosophical essay about wanting what you want to want n, concerns me as to whether he s jumped the shark.
The question is how you know they re peaceful in advance. Do you just trust them? Often, many of the protesters don t know what s going to happen either. Some do, and use the crowd as cover. It seems like some preparation for security at large events is necessary? But then the security is a target. Sometimes they try to keep a low profile to avoid this.
Yes, it is taking the total calories used actually its not that clear . It should be comparing the extra calories burned by cycling minus the calories burned sitting. Driving the car, you will still be burning most of those calories as well as burning the gasoline.
There is no crash. Unemployment rate is 3.6 Most of the former crashes hit the financial sector first and than hit the real economy. This one hit the financial sector and will stay there. This is why you see wallstreet vc panic, but the real economy cannot find employees.
Their point still stands.What is the point of bringing up a unique point in time where confining everyone in their houses reduced interaction with this particular bacteria? The article paints those measures as if they were a good thing and now things have regressed.
Nice try with what?
Thanks for sharing. It is helpful.I m in the process of getting an income, but I m working or becoming self employed, rather than an employee. I m just wondering whether that can help me in anyway get a visa.
Yes, But they would incur an additional service charge for that dispute. That s the worst part about being a merchant. Someone buys a digital product from you, then they file a chargeback. You are then down the original charge plus a fee that can be as much as 25 or more.
This isn t because we don t like other languages, but our staff can only speak English, so there is no way of moderating posts in other languages.
CO2 emission is highly uneven per capita across the globe. Americans are more than capable of producing way more CO2, even if population remains flat.
I have seen people online dig a pit, let pigs hang out in the pit and in a process called gleying the pigs seal the pit making it watertight.I have some acreage and would love to try this out to create a pond, but there are never any real good details on this - what areas it works best, etc etc.Anyone here have experience with making their own pond without using a liner?
Plasma rifle aimed at the eyes
Not exactly, Vivaldi was founded by former Opera employees but is built on a chromium base.Opera had its own browser engine Presto and had a native UI or if it wasn t, it felt like it because it was really snappy .Vivaldi is more like Chrome performance wise but with loads of features.
Sell to a later investor in a private financing round. A number of these late-stage rounds include cash-out provisions that apply to early investors as well as founders and employees.The financial industry has basically taken the public markets private. There s nothing that says that all stock markets must be public, and in fact the history of stock exchanges has several instances of this in the past. The NYSE started out as a direct agreement between 24 brokers in 1792 it was regulated in 1817 to prevent abusive trading, and then grew dramatically in the mid 1800s with the invention of the electric telegraph. By 1865, a number of brokers were getting fed up with regulation, and so they established what became American Stock Exchange by trading stocks on the curb outside the NYSE. It was regulated in 1908. I predict that we re witnessing the birth of another stock market, or maybe it s already been born and I m not enough of a cool kid to know about it.
I used to live in Los Angeles. On the freeways, the speed limit was 55mph but I read once that the actual average speed was around 17mph.My unscientific theory is that with higher speed limits, you get more traffic waves, and people try to change lanes more often, causing delays.If the speed limit on LA freeways was only 25mph, I would hope that people would chill out and the traffic would flow more smoothly, resulting in a faster average speed than at present.
Also a git blame type view that shows which files use which lines of css js.
Bravo -- well-played!!!
It s business. Someone s word is a signature on a contract and the contract contains what a person has given their word to do. There can be outside personal relationships in business that bring other ethical considerations into play but the question does not implicate their existence. To put it another way this is at arm s length and bounded in the formal relationship of job interviewing. There might be long term repercussions and regrets but there is no basis the candidate ought to feel guilt or moral obligation.
So basically, the original article is about an AI huckster amping the FUD in order to push through some sort of corporate control of the technology, using fear of the bullshit they re spinning as the justification.I brought in the analogy of Chicken Little, inflating the scope of a threat to one of apocalyptic proportions, which is exactly what is taking place here.First responder to me brought in the climate analogy, presumably as a means of getting me to think that maybe I m the fool here by ignoring the real scientist who, hey, has a Nobel Prize! Or at least, the theoretical meteorologist in his metaphor does, and therefore maybe me, with no Nobel Prize, should just be respectful of the expert here.I responded by pointing out that the Nobel committee are morons who gave a Peace prize to one of the worst war criminals of the 20th century and pressed the fact that we have thirty years of scientific concensus about climate change, along with a lot of corporate funded think tank noise that is running ideological interference, successfully so far. But you can only fool people for so long, it caught up to the tobacco industry and it will catch up to us.The idiots amping up the FUD to seize control and the assholes pumping money into think tanks that generate endless climate denialist noise are the same people.
A kill -9 wouldn t give you a chance to write the reason for termination to a file. It s the equivalent of the OS saying you have already run your last CPU cycle, you will receive zero more CPU cycles, good bye .You might be able to write the word bad in a file, and then clear the file if your app closes nicely. If you start and find the word bad in the file, then you know you were killed. A slight variation of what you suggested.
So in Java we know a few things about the stack that are not true for other languages. We know nothing on the stack is a pointer into a Java stack frame, and nothing on the heap points into a Java stack frame. These facts allow us to mount virtual threads onto carrier threads by copying portions of the stack to and from the heap. This is normally less memory than you d expect because although you might have a pretty deep stack most of the work will happen in just a few stack frames, so the rest can be left on the heap until the stack unwinds to that point.The big advantage of this over CSP is that you can take existing blocking code and run it on a virtual thread and get all the advantages, there is no function colouring limiting what you can call give or take a couple of restrictions related to calling native code .
but pre-big bang is hard to conceive It s like trying to imagine what is it like to be before you were alive. You simply can t. Its not really a valid question. There was no time before big bang. So we as humans cannot have a frame of reference to even begin thinking what was before.That is not to say there wasn t anything say we as 3D being are unable to experience imagine 4D .
Thank you for this! I completely agree.Just a recent example it s just AN example, there are probably way better examples than this one I started recently to code a website after years without putting my hands in web development.I went through some documentations of multiple lightweight frameworks for server side coding 100 relies on the reader to know how to use the latest fancy-cool-kids-choice packet manager for the given language. If you do know by heart your brew-npm-composer-pacman-I-dont-know-what, good for you dear documentation writer - not everybody does!! Which means that if, for some reasons, there is the slightest issue with any of the versions of the hundreds of dependencies your basic application requires, it means that the newcomer for your framework must found his.her way into a stack of tools and dependencies that is galactic in size.More than half of the documentation said that if you don t want to use the packet manager you can use a virtual machine or a container manager Docker 100 of the documentation I read started showing code to configure the project WITHOUT mentioning in WHICH files the code should go into - it was implied!!! - searching about the topic online made me realize I was not the only one, and the response from the helpers were actually very efficient and correct and were not part of the documentation!100 of the documentation included non-self sufficient information to have something working and running - proof is, search for one the problems on whatever search engine - led to hundreds if not thousands of results of people asking their ways into having the Getting Started tutorial to actually work!!!
Things like this make me extremely wary of Angular s DI
This article re-confirms that most of the money in Silicon Valley is being made without much real technical innovation. Not a surprise, but I still find it depressing.
The next sport it should master is navigating the American health care system.Or retirement.Or buying a home in this market.
Follow updates here
The content is that it s tricky to truly flush the DNS cache on OS X and the command to do it gets changed a lot with new releases. It s very annoying because it makes working with DNS very painful.
My experience with wage workers that are struggling to make ends meet is different. They spend a lot of time looking for better jobs and side gigs. Like, it is their primary focus.
Please read this regex ? DEFINE ? ? local_part ? domain ? ? dot_atom ? quoted_string ? obs_local_part ? ? dot_atom ? domain_literal ? obs_domain ? ? CFWS ? ? ? FWS ? ? dtext ? FWS ? ? CFWS ? ? x21-x5a x5e-x7e ? obs_dtext ? ? ? VCHAR ? WSP ? obs_qp ? ? CFWS ? ? dot_atom_text ? CFWS ? ? ? atext ? . ? atext ? a-zA-Z0-9! ? _ - ? ? CFWS ? ? atext ? CFWS ? ? ? atom ? quoted_string ? ? CFWS ? ? ? FWS ? ? qcontent ? FWS ? ? CFWS ? ? ? qtext ? quoted_pair ? x21 x23-x5b x5d-x7e ? obs_qtext comments and whitespace ? ? ? WSP rn ? ? WSP ? obs_FWS ? ? ? FWS ? ? comment ? FWS ? ? FWS ? ? ? FWS ? ? ccontent ? FWS ? ? ? ctext ? quoted_pair ? comment ? x21-x27 x2a-x5b x5d-x7e ? obs_ctext obsolete tokens ? ? atom ? . ? atom ? ? word ? . ? word ? ? obs_NO_WS_CTL ? quoted_pair ? ? x00 ? obs_NO_WS_CTL n r ? ? WSP ? rn ? WSP ? ? obs_NO_WS_CTL ? ? obs_NO_WS_CTL ? x01-x08 x0b x0c x0e-x1f x7f character class definitions ? x21-x7E ? t ? addr_spec x Also, if you want to validate a mail address, send a mail. There is no other way.
Why not have a low-power electric winch pull the cord back?
True to some degree, but I think it does help girls get involved in areas where boys are dominant. In high school the comments from boys towards girls interested in such pursuits can deter them. Having a space free of that, at least until they ve developed the motivation to continue, is important.As a high school CS teacher, I ve seen how boys can be towards girls interested in coding.All of this swings both ways, of course, and men are deterred from positions like elementary school teacher, nursing, and secretary roles. Gender being attached to jobs is just dumb in general, and keeps a lot of capable people from doing what they d love.
On the contrary. Burning current biomass is essentially carbon neutral. It s burning fossil fuel that causes the carbon dioxide level in the atmosphere to increase.
Not sure if this is intentional, but the link redirects in such a way that it breaks the back button, which is annoying.
This is the first move by Microsoft that I can actually understand. They need to seriously rethink what their goals are. They can t have the computing monopoly they used to, so they really need to focus on what they re strong at corporate software. And that is not a bad thing.How about marketing Surface as a solution to corporate IT departments trying to wrestle iPads into their Microsoft ecosystem? Windows Phone could be the same. They could be the Blackberry of the new mobile corporate strategies. Then just keep doing what they do best build products that plug and play very, very nicely with the rest of Microsoft s portfolio, and offer better corporate support for those products.Instead of trying to figure out how to make a slicker Metro, how about making Sharepoint suck less? Keep the direction of VS going forward. Microsoft s next big things should be focused on innovating the corporate workspace. Stop trying to get tangled up in the Apple Google wars and start focusing on challenging things like Google Docs, Box, and Red Hat instead. Those are Microsoft s real competitors.It seems like they re very conflicted and confused about who they are supposed to be. They re not the cool new unproven software maker. They re the people whose products you use when you want to reduce IT costs and modernize legacy application portfolios.
I implemented something similar at work for a phone handling system. We had a workflow system that let clients script how calls should be handled. All side effects that the script was allowed to make happened through an API with functionality like reading DTMF input, playing media, adding another call leg etc.Like the article says, we would record a log of all the interactions with the outside world. The lower level parts of the system had the capability of transferring an in-progress call from one server to another. SIP and RTP traffic would be moved to another server, and finally the workflow log was sent. The server that took over the call would then replay the script and arrive at the same execution state that the first server had before the call was moved. Workflow authors didn t have to care about any of this. To them it looked like the call started and ended on the same server.
regulation is not harm, to think that is libertarian brain rot
no, you don t
it s widely assumed that torrenting of any sort must be illegal, even if it s for perfectly legitimate purposes.My understanding is that many people consider piracy illegal in the corporations paid to make it illegal because it threatened their business model sense
You either die young or live long enough to become that in which you hate
Wow, thanks!
200yrs from now well meaning discussion will consider if the long extinct elephant was in fact mythical
I think Zimbabwe also qualifies. Probably plenty more...
That does not sound like a winning strategy to drive a wedge between the Chinese regime and stridently nationalist Chinese consumers.
Locus Full Time ONSITE, VISA Bangalore, India careers locus.shLocus is Series-A funded, and is hiring Engineers and Data Scientists. At Locus we have an ambitious goal of Scheduling Tracking the World transport movement. We are aware of how audacious the goal is, but we have made our initial strong footholds and have the path to move forward. Founded by a team of ex-AWS engineers, comprising of graduates from premier Indian Tech Science Institutes IIT BITS-Pilani TIFR , Locus is funded mentored by the most respected investors and ex-entrepreneurs and have product validation with actual paying customers.Engineers We have always maintained a small, but high-caliber engineering team, and we are now looking to make a couple of additions to the same. We are hiring for mobile, backend front-end. We are tech stack agnostic, and currently using Java, AngularJS and React. We would prefer to have a look at your GitHub repo or a mobile app that you have built, over your academic educational qualification. We are a founding team of engineers, and understand that good engineering is part science part art, we would like to provide you the tools for the science and the time for the art. We are expanding the team to build the next version of our true multi-tenant platform with a few thousand events happening per second.Data Scientists We wish to push to edge of what is possible, and advance the field of routing problems itself. If Travelling thief, Knapsack, Capacity planning and other optimisation problem excite you, we are looking for you. We are team of PhD scientists and engineers with background in stats, working on building faster more scalable implementation of NP-hard problems, or even a combination of a few NP-Hard problems.While we have pizza, beer, whisky, drones, oculus rifts, raspberry PIs on the house, the biggest perk we provide you is a remarkable team. We would love to spend our most productive years, around people with great intellect and unbridled enthusiasm. In the spirit of keeping you at your productive best, we give you free fully furnished housing with internet, food laundry taken care of, and your choice of tech gear.Read more about what we value and our work culture at
I love love love love love his other instrument, the modulin just the original music it played explains how it works playing music from mega man Selected comment from the last video I love how it s an instrument with the aesthetic style of functionally a mess
I think it is safe to say it is a AAA team, or at least it is the size and consistency of one. They have some very talented people working there.Whether or not they put together a AAA game I guess is to be seen!
I m not seeing how to make GCS perform a full web search. It won t allow creation of a search without at least one schema defined, and I need schemaless data or rather, I need the whole web, including a variety of schemas . Am I missing something?
Kinda similar Investigating the Potential for Miscommunication Using Emoji intersting because there is a huge difference between the simple emoji faces accross devices. The grinning face example is really good because the Apple and Twitter version doesn t look happy at all, like a different expression under the same emoji
It s interesting to think of it this way. Clearly, the attackers being ISPs in this case don t see it this way or don t want to see this sort of MITM this way. Following one of the links in the article 1 , you get some great quotes Comcast injects ads into unencrypted traffic, because it s a courtesy, and it helps address some concerns that people might not be absolutely sure they re on a hotspot from Comcast .So maybe someone out there actually feels this way when they find content has been directly injected in their unencrypted browsing session. I sure don t. 1
1. There are libraries for that. Yes, but I just think unicode support is so pervasive its not something you should really leave up to a library in 2016. Still this is just my biased opinion as a developer who needs it on virtually every project. 2. opam. see - basically, I think requiring a PR on github to get a package published is not dead simple .Finally, the title contains widespread adoption . There is no modern language on the Tiobe Index top 20 without those two characteristics except for possibly MATLAB and C which both don t have good package managers as far as I know, but I could be wrong since I ve never used either one of them.The List I d like to see ML get more adoption. I think fixing these things are more fundamentally important than some others such as web frameworks, etc...
I kind of hate this to be honest. I understand why maintainers use them, because i am having issues running it, plz halp , but IMHO two paragraphs of a well-written report which contains all the information is better than Describe the problem huge header Description of the the problem. What did you expect? That it worked What did you get? A repeat of the problem statement. Which version did you use? Repeat of what I wrote in the description where I mentioned I tried latest release 1.2.3 and the latest master.etc.I generally delete these templates, making sure the requested information is all in there of course. It almost always saves significant amount of space and makes things easier to read. I haven t had any complaints thus far.
AFAIK RedoxOS has been bootable for a while now. Though, a very simple new OS
Why do you say that? A manger let s you decide exactly where you want to place the window size and position .
Can you tweak your function to stop filling the first time a zero is encountered? That s a simple one-line change with the for loop, but a puzzle for the functional iteration.Yes, and that s exactly why you should use constructs like map when possible. With a manual loop you have to scan more code to verify that it s not doing something more complicated.
What does this mean for ChromeOS users? Will Signal be maintained for ChromeOS or will those users no longer be able to use Signal?
It s not calling the police, it s changing the law to something people agree. It s the basis of any society
Indeed, a number of states have passed laws to make abortion and accessory to it a felony, immediately upon the overturning of Roe v. Wade.In Texas, providing a service may be a first degree felony with a life sentence.
I really wish this idea of bad vs good when it comes to taste and flavor profiles would die. Each different coffee brewing process has an end-product that is different. If you like it, and can taste the difference, knock yourself out investing in consistent grinders and espresso machines that are able to maintain the same brew temperature through a pour. Don t - go for your Maxwell or instant coffee or whatever.
The common cold is caused by a bunch of viruses, including both rhinoviruses and coronaviruses. There s four different human coronaviruses that we know about, one of which HKU1 was only discovered surprisingly recently.
You re certainly right, and the specific term here for what consumers should, but generally don t, have is a Service Level Agreement SLA . This is pretty standard for business links and nearly anything at all at the datacenter level, if you ever subscribe to a whole line at a colo you ll probably see that. SLAs tend to spell out not just maximum sustained bandwidth, but 90 95 97 99 , uptime, what if any burst bandwidth is available, any latency guarantees, etc. All of these are different measures that cost different amounts to hit at any given level, and SLAs spell out exactly what is being paid for in numbers that can be monitored fairly easily.If I could make one simple change to the home broadband market, it would be insisting on a standardized big number consumer level SLA. I certainly don t expect residential rates to cover the same 99.97 or worst case minimum that business class does, that s a major part of what higher end connections are paying for. But whatever they do offer should be transparent, fixed for contract period and measurable. ISPs should by law be required to spell out not just the top line bandwidth level, but also 75 95 guarantees over a standard time day month maybe and what the worst case guaranteed minimum is. This wouldn t be some big centralized bureaucratic decision about implementations or what numbers have to be hit, but rather merely make sure the market has clear information so customers can compare and ISPs could be held to their promises. Energy Star consumer information might be some guide to layout, but I think something like that would be low hanging fruit.Also to be clear, a distinction can and should be made for intra-network vs inter-network, and both should be accounted for. Obviously an ISP has the most control and is the most responsible for how traffic traverses their own network to their edges, but ISPs do have some responsibility affected by size location for their peering agreements too. If they re purposefully choking that it s on them, though small remote ISPs may be at a disadvantage in negotiations there which should ideally have some eyes on it.
Usually, yes, it appears. Maintainers of projects are generally pretty invested in getting their software into popular distros... and so they tend to follow the patterns that would allow that. I mean, stuff like where do I put the binaries is still often configured in Arch and other distros, so we re talking about stuff outside of that kind of thing. Most packages aren t complicated enough to require anything outside of simple configure flags.
Great, but also add a time decay factor to penalizw answers tgat have not been upvoted recently to mitigate the graveyard effect.
For 1 - Yes, it is dumping the work on the web author -- And the web author must be the person who decides the styles. It is impossible for the browser to do it because of the diverse styling on the internet, even the existing extensions that try to apply colorschemes break for me all the time.This situation is created by the web developers, doing whatever they can and however they can because even the existing standards are not really enforced, they don t even care about schematics and just use a framework that generates nested . The texts are not readable due to the contrast difference, random styles being injected dynamically via JavaScript, etc.For 2 - I would say that something is better than nothing. Why not provide a slightly better experience for the minority than providing nothing at all? I don t see the argument here, internet stranger.If the theme preference needs to align with the entire system theme, feel free to make a proposal in W3C, with enough traction we can make it happen.
is it that costly really? rest of the world is using h264 pretty much everywhere
99 is a way high over-estimate. Yes, strongly statically typed languages eliminate a LOT of potential bugs and I always try to use them. But it s not like they eliminate 99 of all bugs.
Awesome work Hong! Get it get it!
I think the vast majority of people don t care much about what happens at the outer bounds of content moderation. Most people go to Twitter for pretty normal internet conversations, which are increasingly difficult to have there the Blue buffoons being at the top of every thread with nothing worthwhile to say, the constant spotlight on Elon drama, rate limiting, huge jump in bugginess, etc.FB allows a sufficiently diverse, extreme, and even toxic political environment on FB for most everyone. What kind of content would Threads forbid that is more crucial to Twitter users than a functional service?Putting the content of people who have to pay for engagement above everyone else was one of the most heroically dumb product decisions I ve ever heard. I was fine putting up with everything else but then the service just became legitimately not compelling because of that.
It s a joke is a stupid excuse to say false things all the time.
I wrote it in my guide
Last I checked, Gmail didn t do partial word searches. So NewClient won t match GreatNewClient . I think that s what rokhayakebe means.It s one of the reasons I only use its backend. It baffles me that a company known for search can t do it.
Even if we don t find an UberPool match for you, we ll give you a discount on your ride.That s huge.A huge problem Hitch faces is having enough demand-side riders on the market to make the marketplace viable 1 Uber is going to be subsidizing the demand-side of the marketplace until the marketplace matures and demand fills in. 1
I don t see any issue whatsoever with a car carrying around terabytes of data. That s old-think. It will never again be difficult to put startling amounts of data into devices.And the only data that needs to be kept updated, is the local environment. The car is in one place at a time. So bandwidth should not be the issue it would seem.
Extract enough heat from Earth and Earth loses its magnetic field and then its atmosphere and oceans from the effects of the solar wind which sounds like a negative externality to me.
But not the rotisserie chicken.
It can be hard to tune your system, but if you build your rig with usual components, that is the ones that appear on guides, it is very easy to get running. We didn t make the right choice for our GPU s and suffered a bit at the start.Check the litecoinmining subreddit, there s a lot of information there and the community is very helpful.
Watching how poorly some professional athletes perform during long Covid recovery makes me highly doubt CFS as the root cause. Also, people have reported long-term loss of smell which also isn t a typical post-illness or CFS thing.
It hijacked my back button in Firefox for Android and took me to their home page. I had to press back two times in rapid succession to come back here.
I wonder how much this domain cost?
This is really interesting. A Seattle startup where I am friends with a number of the old staff BuddyTv 0 It makes me sad that the idea didn t work out and in times other than this... it still won t work out. But it s glad to know there are times when this absolutely valued. 0
one of the interesting special cases here is rental properties, in particular apartments. if the property tax is raised on these buildings, the costs will ultimately pass through to the tenants.
I think it s more about the relative ease or difficulty of expressing a concept in that language. If a concept is missing or unnatural, it s going to be harder to deal with that concept. Common examples of languages with more expressiveness than English are the multiple Russian words for blue, or the many Eskimo words for ice.A thought experiment that I think works better is to imagine a language where people describe facial features extensively, to where a description in that language can easily be used to reconstruct an image of a person s face. Imagine how crippled a native speaker of that language would feel trying to speak in English, or the derision they would have towards the police sketch-artist process that took trained artists interpreters quite a bit of time to extract a description from a witness that would sound like a 4 year old trying to describe a face. That s what linguistic differences are more like.
AWS is a pretty popular service Amazon cloud drive is fairly performant and a good price. I use it as a backup repo. Amazon prime shipping is also pretty great and the prices are pretty decent usually. They re also the biggest cross platform ebook vendor with the most selection.
That s quite a conclusion to jump to. Maybe you haven t noticed but the Web is running great, especially when developed by thoughtful, competent programmers.It s sad how many non-web developers still complain about how the Web is sour grapes.
Yes, they wiped out these CoCo Contingent Convertable bonds, which are floated to provide money to provide a capital cushion in the case of stress. As bonds they re definitely weird, because in this case they are effectively subordinate to equity. This wipeout may make it difficult to issue any more AT1s, which removes another barrier created in 2008 that was supposed to prevent public bailouts. I am a bit surprised they didn t just convert an payout at the fairly cheap stock price, which it sounds like other regulators are saying they will do?
Keep in mind that your performance for long-running processes will get worse compared to just running a Uberjar as you re missing lots of optimizations going with GraalVM instead of Hotspot
IANAL and do not have the exact understanding but wouldn t something like Redis s RSAL work in this case but for Cent OS and Cloud providers?Source
Sure this is useful, but the vast majority of my jobs have involved picking up the domain knowledge in the first couple of months.
I wanted to send you a quick note that I d be willing to help, on the off chance that you did manage to get that open source project going with government cooperation.Unfortunately, you do not have an email in your profile. And your website is throwing a 503 error.
I think their funding is from Bezos, not Amazon, and yeah, they probably talk to them once in a while about what they re up to, but that s sort of different from a business plan. They didn t get any money until well after they were a going concern, either.
Part of what motivated my question today was the amusement at being called Dr. by some guy at work. Since I work in a hospital, he just assumed I was an MD. Alas, I am just a programmer.
Location California, US Remote Yes Willing to relocate Not at this time Technologies Figma, Sketch, Adobe Creative Suite Résumé CV Email allie goodson.dev I am Allie Goodson, a designer based in California, focused on user centered design. I communicate easily and clearly with technical teams to ensure products are usable and accessible. I am looking for opportunities with companies that will provide the chance to get my hands on a variety of products at all stages of development. If you would like to know more about me, please visit my portfolio website
Interesting, because a common criticism of Go is that it s stuck in the 70s . 1 It s modern only because of its age, not because of its features. 1
This is a fantastic tool for early stage start ups and companies who don t want to invest in expensive and unnecessary support tools in the bootstrap phase.It would be great to add some aggregation or reporting on the side so you can understand your queue and how it s growing as well as provide tags or keywords to search on. Keep up the awesome work!
Would you be interested in chatting more about your use case? My e-mail is in my profile.
Is this the challenged GitHub repo?
Interesting. I had no idea.So I guess... just use and reuse glass but don t recycle it?
I ve lived all over the country 35ish moves in 41 years . There are a lot of things you can do to make other areas more appealing vs California or the west coast in genera , but one thing you can t really fix is the weather. A lot of people really hate super cold winters or super hot humid summers, and for them there is no replacement for the rather unique climate conditions that exist along the west coast.Here is a map of the world which shows where that relatively mild west coast climate exists - it exceedingly rare
I do not agree with that, but that is my opinion. The reason for my opinion is that I find Reddit more and more political, mainstream nitwits are more and more starting to come up there and dumbing down less links to interesting articles and websites, more links to stupid imgur pictures which are often used for SEO scams . When I came on there years ago it looked a bit like HN but more diverse where HN is mostly entrepreneurial and programming.I think interesting sites are
There s no fundamental ontological difference between give me your likelihood ratios between drawing cards a and b as the next draw from this deck of cards and give me your likelihood ratios between finding and not finding a continent in an unexplored part of the world .These are not the same, my observables being independent of each other is not the same thing as my not knowing about the correlated observable. In a practical sense, there are lots of ways that I could reason that there is a continent in the unexplored bit, and obviously no way to know which card will come up in a shuffle.
those with funds call the shotsLook at the distribution curve of people and their funds that can be put at stake and compare with the people with access to cheap energy and capital to operate a mining rig, then come back to tell me which one is the real oligarchy.
Or not open at all, if the title includes ... why you should
Just because a game _can_ be beaten like that doesn t mean that s all there is to it. Example far cry 4 0 0
while for the most part the other side just rolls its eyes and cracks jokes to own the libs. They literally stormed the capitol, dude.Here s the bottom line there is not an equivalent of qanon or MTG on the left. You can exaggerate any number of things you don t like about liberals to ridiculous proportions, but this fact will still be true.Honest discussions require looking at the world bluntly and clearly. If you want to list various social trends you don t like, start a thread for that. We re trying to discuss whether the parties are fundamentally different, or not.
This is how my lab works. We do a lot of prototyping, exploring, making sure everything seems to be working, etc. and then pack it all into reasonably well documented standard code.Learned this the hard way after working for a group for awhile with a single shared notebook I had nicknamed The wall of madness .
dead
FWIW, I come from Java and find Ruby to be fairly ugly.It s all subjective, but I prefer concise, exact non ambiguous readable code.From a google for ruby sample code ... print with no line breaks. printf nnprintf ... 7.2f,... s. ,3.14156, me Eugh brackets are optional for invoking functions? So I can no longer just look for after a name to determine what is a function invocation? def welcome name puts howdy name end end ? Seriously? Verboseness... This is one of the things that for me, makes ruby very ugly. It s needless verbosity and doesn t have any advantage over using . hello .upcase HELLO hello .upcase HELLO Yuck. So how do you know what s a function and what s a variable? balance -10.0 puts Bankrupt unless balance 0.0 Starting to look like cobol here... unless ? seriously? Why is that nicer than an if statement?Java code has a very exact, easy to parse syntax. We all know it, and it s easy to learn - for code blocks, for method invocations, etcThat s just for starters.
Yeah, we won t need rationing for humans if we just stop overuse in agriculture.Credits to the EU for regulation this aggressively.. I even think the US is doing something with climate change, this is probably going to hit emerging economies the hardest.. due to lack of regulation and less ability to deal with cost of workarounds.
a full summer break, a semester of working on it on and off, and a full winter break, so about 7 months
On the subject of SNOBOL descendants still in use, there is also Snowball, designed and used exclusively for writing stemming algorithms
exposed to something bitcoin had grown immune toI don t know where this myth is coming from that Bitcoin is immune to state-level actors. If a relatively large government really wanted to manipulate the Bitcoin network, they could either just buy some thousand Bitcoin and spam the network with transactions or buy enough hardware to get over 50 hashing power. Especially China only needs to take down the 2 or 3 top miners and can cut the mining power in half within a day.Bitcoin is simply not interesting enough at the moment to get manipulated by state-level actors. But that doesn t mean that it s impossible, regardless what Bitcoin advocates want you to believe.
It seems to need some browser compatibility work
Here s a thought a trader who has to rely on being the fastest is like a retailer who has to rely on being the cheapest. Not to diss you, you have nothing but respect from me
And because I was downmodded for that, here it is... So, to summarize what have I got against Amazon s Kindle?1 DRM. It s unethical, immoral, fattening, and a royal pain in the ass. To be fair this also goes for other ebook platforms. 2 Amazon reserves the right to delete work from your Kindle. Under circumstances which are now a little clearer and a little tighter, but nevertheless still present. 3 Censorship.4 They re using their monopsony position to fuck over their suppliers i.e. the publishers in a manner that threatens a catastrophic crash in author royalties in the medium term up to 5 years . NB as a reader, you may enjoy the short term price benefit, but you ll pay for it in the long term in reduction of choice.5 Their actions may start a trans-Atlantic price war between publishers, to the detriment of authors again, in the medium term .
I m not 100 sure I m understanding but if the idea is to implement a traditional synchronous RPC mechanism you can do that using the PubSub functionality trivially and I m not sure which additional moving parts it adds unless you re in a situation where you have to cluster Redis which has a reputation for being a PITA but isn t that hard honestly .The only use case that really jumps out is when you don t want a broker because you don t want a single point of failure but now you re embedding a Redis server implementation in every one of the services in your mesh and I m not convinced that s much better but I can see where it might be helpful.
The decision log is good for reflection, but as a mechanism it seems prone to luck. Maybe situations are more repeatable than I assume, though.
What Pai is saying is deal with specific bad behaviors as they arise instead of building an encyclopedia of rapidly dated laws against many actionsWhat evidence do we have that the US Government will do this? What mechanism has Pai proposed we put in place to ensure that we address them?It s true that I don t understand his position. And that is a fundamental failure of Pai and his team. A failure to properly explain to the American internet-going public the benefit of his position beyond it isn t our job to police the Internet. Sorry to reduce his stance to a meme, and one that might not even accurately encapsulate his positions, but I m a reasonably well informed individual and all I can see is higher prices for Internet ahead.
The author of the article has some suggestions here here
Putting a comment on the article makes more people notice it, click on it, vote for it, and move it to the front page. Whenever I see a great science article, I make sure to comment on it so it get off the Newest page and on the front page. It takes surprisingly little, and then once it s on the front, it usually gets a lot of love.
This is pretty old news by now... But yes, it was long overdue.
it s not true that human attention is an acceptable currencyWhy? How about people decide what they feel is acceptable for themselves. The answer is choice between advertising and payment, ideally a slider to dial your preferred setting.Extremes never work.
would love if ai forced the market to adopt nuclear
Huh? Web assembly is a stack machine and locals do not pose a problem whatsoever.Yes, the author just needs more work to be done. But it s perfectly doable, although it has a complexity. Like everything in the world of compilers. There are no free lunches.
Until we actually look at why crime occurs mainly because poor people need money badly, secondly because people in sufficiently dire poverty stop caring about the social norms of the middle class we won t be able to make a meaningful difference.Nayib Bukele locked up all his country s criminals, and by doing so made a massive difference to the quality of life. The truth is, crime causes poverty at least as much as poverty causes crime. There is no tradeoff between arrest criminals and get them off the streets and fix poverty , the latter in fact depends on the former.
I agree with that impression, and actually find it really puzzling that disarming police isn t a central message. I think it s very likely that if the police on George Floyd had been unarmed that eventually the bystanders would have intervened at least I hope .
France was on the renewables train until last year. They ve since changed course and are reinvesting massively into nuclear.Macron calls for nuclear renaissance to end the France s reliance on fossil fuels is not just talkFrance s Assemblée Nationale adopts nuclear acceleration bill on first reading votes in favor, 130 against. 75 approval. So broad consensus.p.s. Doesn t mean they are stopping renewables entirely. Still doing some off-shore wind that can be brought online relatively quickly.
The author misses the most important point session query params make session hijacking stupefyingly easy especially by accident when people copy-paste URLs into emails etc.
On the plus side, you get considerably more for it I don t regret moving from California to Denmark myself . For example, healthcare is included in that price, whereas in the US you have to pay for it separately. If you subtract what you d have to pay in the U.S. for healthcare premiums copay, your takehome pay goes down considerably, especially if you re older than 40, a freelancer small businessperson who isn t part of a corporate group plan, or have a family. And the public transportation infrastructure is also much better in Denmark, at least in Copenhagen it s much easier to get by in Copenhagen without owning a car than it is in the Bay Area. Also, university is free, so nobody has student loans another thing that reduces many Americans real takehome paychecks . Actually, better than free university students are paid a small stipend to cover their living expenses.I m less annoyed by the level of taxation in California than the fact that, despite paying it, the money doesn t suffice to buy you health care, higher education, or good transit. If those were different I d be happy to pay 50 more! Also, you don t really pay an effective 60 tax in Denmark unless you make quite a lot of money. I make a decent professional salary and paid 40 overall.
Organizations not connected to remote manipulation of public opinion have an evolutionary disadvantage. Were there no one using it, then it would be a power vacuum, and those tend to get filled regardless.My personal theory regarding morality is that since we did not spend long time evolving to world where writing is a technology, there is no emotional reaction to contract that will allow a factory to pollute killing humans, compare to woman who sees a man to stab a baby with a fork.Human society has three classes owners, hermits, and pets. The owners have assets, do not need to work for money, and have means of influencing the public opinion. Hermits do not work for money, but also do not have assets or influence. Pets are 99 Same as you train a dog to sit and run, you train a pet to BUY and VOTE. Then you laugh in the room with your fellow owners because you ve bought all the representatives, won the election, and can now use legislation to crush your opponents. Kropotkin was right one hundred years ago We are so perverted by an education which from infancy seeks to kill in us the spirit of revolt, and to develop that of submission to authority we are so perverted by this existence under the ferrule of a law, which regulates every event in life our birth, our education, our development, our love, our friendship that, if this state of things continues, we shall lose all initiative, all habit of thinking for ourselves. Our society seems no longer able to understand that it is possible to exist otherwise than under the reign of law, elaborated by a representative government and administered by a handful of rulers. And even when it has gone so far as to emancipate itself from the thralldom, its first care has been to reconstitute it immediately. The Year I of Liberty has never lasted more than a day, for after proclaiming it men put themselves the very next morning under the yoke of law and authority. Were I to re-establish a society in an empty land with no worries about existing nations coming after us militaristically 1 Supply of money would be limited, tied to gold export controls , have demurrage except for government accounts , be cryptocurrency so that one can near infinitely move it to smaller denominations eliminating deflation . I have quite sepcific system for this, where even all property will be demurraged algorithmically based on market value! 2 Direct democracy, EG everything would be directly elected. If you cant participate, that is ok, but the elections will keep flowing. The voting system will be tied to prediction markets, EG vote for a thing that fails to perform as predicted and you may have less votes for the next election. 3 System that connects the prediction markets somehow to how public is informed educated, probably involving censorship or at least having news outlets that are recommenmded by state because no state that allows CIA type propaganda to flow in survives.These are only the policies that would affect the problem you brought to surface the most.
Those were the ones I meant by the b category.
The Painted Word is also fantastic, if you liked From Bauhaus to Our House . Similar approach.
Ha, as if auto manufacturers all have an org dedicated to monitoring and deterring sexual predators and Russian hackers. Can anyone from one of these companies comment on this? Can I get a discount if I opt out of that at the dealership? I m a techie, really I d prefer to install Windows Defender on the car myself, thank you!
Fair point. How do I remove this link do you know? I don t want to spam so I will remove it but it is not immediately obvious how to do so.
Our societies as a whole are rich enough that we all could work much less than we do. That would of course require quite a different distribution of the wealth that we produce.
Thesoulgasstation is new formed band from Austria, every member is a music lover and participiates in live gigs free and also sometimes payed for ages. Thesoulgasstation now tries to gather some money to create some flawless sounds, maybe you are interested and like the music or even want to get in touch with em, have a try! Cheers
To be sure, Dr. Gaddafi here is Muammar Gaddafi, the late dictator of Lybia.Go wolves!
It s just a random site I remembered from a long time ago, there are better ones out there. One of them convinced me that jQuery is just a crutch. I tried a small project without it and it really did not take long to adjust.These days I find vanilla far easier to read and it is a lot more clear to me what is actually happening in the code.Depending on jQuery limits your ability to work with code that does not use it. Ie a lot of the more professional libraries.For me dropping jQuery feels like a step up. Why don t you just try it, see what happens. It s just a day of being a little bit annoyed and then you should be fine.
Jason you and your crew are under-appreciated heroes of our age.
Take a look at set of programs for creating, manipulating, and outputing a stream of Records, or JSON hashes. Inspired by Monad. Very powerful and mature way to manipulate JSON records on the commandline to slice and dice data
I haven t used it, but from what I understand it s an app where people tell secrets about something or someone. So that may be the first reason you may not like it, especially if it s about you. It doesn t have much to do with anonymity, but with the fact that it s supposed to be a community around divulging people s secrets. So even though it s anonymous , it s actually anti-privacy.Second, I m anonymous on HN and I m anonymous on Reddit. This should prove that what you need is not to ban anonymity, but to have good enough voting and filtering mechanisms, and a decent culture inside the community.I m also not entirely sure Twitter is getting better. If it is, it s only because you chose to follow certain people. But I imagine with Twitter growing its audience, a lot more of the normal people , who may not be as educated, join Twitter and say a lot of nasty stuff online, much like they would offline.As for Facebook, again, it may have gotten better for you because of its filtering mechanism, and because in time it learned to show you only certain types of posts.So from your point of view, I think the main problems are with the type of community this is in the first place, and the etiquette for that community, and with Secret.ly being a new app and the founders not having enough time to polish things up.
Not one to respond to things like this, but in this case the post was written a little less than 2 weeks ago 0 . 0
NFS on Linux defaulted to UDP for what seems like a really long time. There were perf issues with TCP can t remember what they were .
I operate at a lower dB level when I use a Mac. Windows brings out my best impersonation of an extra from 28 Days Later.
Me? Nope, never been stolen in my life. - Seriously, not bothered in the least. Just curious why someone would question empiricism, reductionism, etc., given how successful they have been for us in so many areas.Especially on a site like HN, when hacking is ultimately about curiosity and discovery - and those tools, empiricism, reductionism, analysis, synthesis, etc., the whole modern package of modern science, are the best tools we have for discovery, for satisfaction of curiosity.They re not perfect, but they are far better than many alternatives folks espouse mysticism, anti-rationality, etc. .Can we explain everything? Of course not! Not yet, anyway. Are there any reasons in principle why we will not be able to, eventually?Hmm, well, if there are, we will discover those reasons using those same tools of investigation and exploration, e.g., there may be things that we determine we can never explain for reasons of computational complexity - it s just impossible to get there from here, or for reasons of incompleteness, etc.
I think we agree but differ in how we perceive the author s level of understanding.I didn t mean to imply that there should be no questions in lecture or that students should understand everything by lecture. I also should have commended the author for getting TA help, though I ve noticed that students do this as a replacement for studying rather than a supplement--which can fuel learned hopelessness i.e. I m trying so hard and just can t get it .But I still learn towards bad study habits here. The author felt so helpless that they screamed I DON T UNDERSTAND in the middle of lab. I think that if you re at that point then there s something deeper going on there then just needing more help clarification and in my experience that has to do with poor study habits.It s interesting that you don t assign reading before hand in your intro class. If I were taking that class, I would read ahead any way. What advantage do you think your students get by not having an opportunity to look over terms and concepts before you discuss them in lecture?
This is great. Well done. The demo had me laughing in a very good way I was genuinely having fun watching it replay .
If you want the ability to globally transfer funds the answer is no. Within a single relatively homogeneous economic zone, sure it is easy. Once you move beyond that it becomes a huge PITA.
I ve lived in both places - public transit in SF beats the pathetic pants off of Seattle for sure. It won t hold a candle to NYC though, so you may be disappointed.It s entirely possible to live without a car - very, very much so, but be prepared to pay if that s the case i.e. neighborhoods well served by transit are expensive, think Manhattan rents... up to 2K for a studio? You bet! .
This article is very interesting but fails to address one point. Why companies go for Flat or Holocracy organizations? I know three reasons - People tend to hate managers, they don t trust them.- Flat team are faster removing the management complexity.- There s more flexibility and more creativity around the problem tackled by the team.The last reason is reasonable but is true applied for small unit inside the bigger organization, not the whole organization, as this article explains well. Nothing prevent to create a small unit with a specific task inside a bigger organization and to organize this unit usually made by star employee in a flat structure.The second reason is disputable, it doesn t scale has the article suggest.But the first reason is not addressed. And it is the real issue. I think everyone had terrible bosses and great bosses. We usually remember terrible managers as an example of the average managers Mental association Dilbert s Pointy Hair Boss while we consider the great bosses we had as mentors, role models, guide. And we forget that they were also our manager. It is a form of selection bias.There s also another issue at play, changing organizational structure, trying Flat or Holocracy is easy I m not saying that it s easy to do it right, it s easy to give it a try . Promoting the right person, with the right skills is difficult. And if you promote the wrong person it happens removing from a managerial position or moving him to a position that is a better fit is extremely difficult. So we all decide to do what is easy instead of what is difficult. Not sure I could blame someone, it is the people mindset, but doesn t mean that what is easy is also correct while what is difficult, when done right, proved to be correct.
They don t just interpret the C, they JIT compile it.
On the other extreme, Android users with a Yahoo email address have an average default rate of 4.30 , significantly higher than the 2.69 default rate in the highest decile of FICO scores.
My first smartphone was the Motorola Atrix 4G, which I bought around may 2012. Removable battery, first fingerprint scanner, great pixel density for that era. It was cool and I took care of it as much as I could.But the 365th day after I bought it, WiFi and Bluetooth stopped working. All of a sudden. WiFi chip was built with a death date.On the other hand, the next phone I bought lasted with me for more than 7 years - until I accidentally dropped it and crashed with an acute metal surface. Only the screen died but I used it as an excuse to got a new phone, but now I fear phones now aren t designed nor built to last that much.
Why is Lichess better than chess.com?Mostly because Lichess is written in Scala 1 , but the engine probably helps a bit too - Love the tagline, lichess.org the forever free, adless and open source chess server 1
As there are some misinformation and confusion, I try to summarize a few points What is it Pillar 1 tries to tax the digital economy FAANG etc., scope still under heavy discussion . The goal is to prevent a digital tax in each country. Basically, the profit will be taxed in market states i.e. Google pays tax in Germany . Pillar 2 tries to impose a global minimum tax rate. Countries levy a top-up tax on the foreign operations of their headquarter companies i.e. difference between minimum global tax rate and effective tax rate Who will be affected This is different for Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 but both only want to tax multinational corporations defined for example by sales EUR 750 m turnover for pillar 2 and only if you have some minimum foreign operations. So your typical small company is not affected at all. What s so genius about this project The OECD is very worried that there are still some loopholes, so they want to close them. They do it by basing the effective rate on IFRS income or US GAAP with some adjustments. IFRS income is also the basis they report to shareholders, so companies have a problem Higher IFRS - more taxes to pay How do the countries ensure that all countries participate You don t have to impose a global minimu rate. If one country doesn t do it, other countries can levy the top-up tax through a different system undertaxed payments rule for those who want to look it up . What s the position of the Biden Administration The USA has their own system called GILTI which is accepted as well. It looks like the USA gets away again by participating but in the end, they will decide we won t follow the rules. Is this fair? Opinions differ. Why should highly developed economies like Ireland, Switzerland, Singapore not be able to set their own tax rates. They invest a lot in the education of their people. And if you think tax is fair, you don t know life. What countries will do is increase tax on profit but decrease other taxes i.e. price on mining rights, social contributions etc. . If you have questions, AMA. I devote a large part of my life on this project.
That doesn t work for certain devices, TV s IoT devices, etc.
I believe it s because it s an inter-state crime. Once crimes cross state borders you have to get the federal level police involved, which is the FBI.
I don t get it. I find my interlocutor knowing my phone number a severe threat to my privacy.
Some interesting points made here in these comments, worth rebutting.1. older folks are less flexible, can t relocate, etc. When we have kids in high school, that s valid. But high school doesn t go on forever.2. older folks cost more. You d be surprised. Salary doesn t have to be an always-upward ratchet. There are plenty of us who are able and willing -- even delighted -- to work for less than the executive-level pay of the biggest jobs on our resumes.Unlike many of our juniors, we aren t scrambling to pay off our edu loans any more, nor are we scrambling to cover those costs for our kids, or pay big mortgages.You know that dream about being motivated by the work, not the money? It s a real thing. Many of us are living that dream.3. older folks are a protected class in USA, anyhow . That s true. We are nominally harder to lay off when things get rough. But we ve been through a few cycles of things being good, then bad, then good, and we ve survived. We are as willing as anybody to stop drawing our pay when things aren t going well. Some of us are willing to agree to that in advance. Ask whether we ll accept contractor status, rather than employee status.See item 2 about being motivated by the work.4. older folks drive up health insurance pool costs. true. sucks. But I, for one, am on my spouse s insurance so the startup I m with doesn t have that problem. Many of us have similar setups. You can t ask in an interview, but we can tell you voluntarily. Plus, when we hit 65 in USA we go on this decent national single-payer health plan and out of your pool altogether.5. older folks can t manage 80-hour work weeks. Of course we can manage crunch time. We ve done a lot of it, and we re skilled at getting it done.Can we manage sustained 80-hour weeks for years at a time? No. Neither can you and keep your quality up.6. older folks skills are obsolete. Not true. Maybe that was true once, but many of us put a lot of work into keeping up to date. Safari Books Online, and online tutorials, and community dev versions of various tools, have made that possible.7. older folks would rather play golf than work. For many of us, that s just nonsense.So, don t just screen out that resume showing a MS degree from 1980. Take a look.
Lead developer of AccessKit here. I know it won t be a panacea, particularly for the non-screen-reader-related problems you point out. And about the performance problem, there s probably no getting away from the despised enable accessibility button. But if these types of applications are going to exist despite our wishes to the contrary, then I have to do what I can to make them accessible. It could be the difference between someone being able to do a job, complete a course, or whatever, and not. I have to do what I can to improve the accessibility of the world as it is, not the world as we wish it was.
Who said anything about taking out a fraudulent loan?
I concede the ambiguous 7 item thing, but where are you getting 120 watts from? The only figures I get from my googling say the entire human body only uses 100 watts on average, with 20 of that used by the brain.
How the hell could same as us mean white indian asian boys ? I m a white man from eastern Europe and the white americans I work with are anything but the same culture as mine. Indians could well be from another planet. Interestingly enough though only anecdotal black US workers have a more similar way of thinking to mine than white US ones.There s huge diversity in IT, you re just too blinded by your ideology to see it. You are the problem with your black white quotas. You think there s diversity differences inborn in the skin color. And that kind of thinking is called racism.
Who honestly talks to their friends via Youtube? It s really not a social networking site. People use it to enjoy watching videos and occasionally make a comment.This is the heart of the matter, Google views Youtube differently than everyone else. We use it to watch videos, not to communicate with friends, and don t consider it a social network - when we want to discuss a video with our friends we share it with them.Google wants you to discuss it with your friends on Youtube or G instead of posting it to Facebook or wherever and discussing it with your friends there.
Reality is a sweet fictional novel we re writing together. It s why I ask fanciful questions.
You re almost saying capitalism and efficient markets are pointless. Maybe they are, but I think it s nothing like crypto.People are saying this because, HFT sounds similar to crypto mining . That s people with best infrastructure, the big-guys -- win. While leaving out the retail investors as broiler chicken, pumped with drugs by influencers to spend more on imaginary assets, so that they can be used for food by these big-guys .There are different influencers for retail investors vs crypto. In retail investing there are promises of retirement paradise , actual tax deductions, the Jim Cramer-like people at least what I heard in US For crypto investing the influencer are different, the geography is wider. A promise to participate in markets if you do not live the country that has adopted US UK-based financial services.- - - By the way, I think the markets will still have liquidity if there is a rule to wait, for say, 30 min before a stock that was just recently bought -- can be sold unless by a clear fat finger mistake This rule will cause the HFTs to stop existing in the current form.
Have you or anyone else on this thread used retype or MonkeyType? We have a codebase right now that s mostly lacking type hints. But, now that we have added automatic flaking into our build and pre-commit hooks , I d like to get some more mileage out of that toolchain we just invested into, but it would be a hassle to go back and add type hinting to everything.What I d like to do is integrate something into our pre-commit hooks.
It s not safe to say that at all. They ve abandoned 2 major objectives and have lost tens of thousands of troops. Morale is at rock bottom. It will be very difficult to pull off a general mobilization in Russia, especially in Moscow.
Foreign policy is really not so much decided by the President, though he gets some influence, but by tens of thousands of State Department experts and to some extent the DoD and security establishment.And many, many treaties approved by Congress.
As an astronomer I basically fell on my knees and thanked bog when NRAO started rewriting AIPS with a python interface instead of some terrible ad hoc command language. PyRaf is also so much better than actual iraf. I don t even particularly like python but it s so much nicer than what atronomers normally write.
Youtuber Thunderf00t has a video about it storing energy in concrete blocks has no advantage over water, but brings in a lot of drawbacks mostly the whole structure being exposed to weather .
But Take 2 has to share that revenue with retailers. Minecraft has direct sales, no?
You can get it to run fairly fast on modern hardware. Like run a text extraction, tokenization and POS-tagging workflow on a quarter billion documents on PC hardware, takes like 24-36 hours. That s doable and affordable. But ML-adjacent methods are not. Requires far too much GPU compute, have no A100s -
In Buffett s day, value investing made a lot of sense and allowed Buffett to put out wise-sounding soundbites like I don t invest in what I don t understand and helped shore up the folksy image of Berkshire Hathaway, who owned ostensibly uncomplicated companies like Heinz.But today we live in a world where the way to make money is through regulatory arbitrage Uber or startups chasing risky business models. Additionally, accounting trickery is orders of magnitude more elaborate today, and high frequency trading may have permanently impacted traditional models of volatility.Of course, this applies only to publicly traded companies. My overall point is that determining value from fundamentals alone is nowhere near as straightforward as it used to be.
I don t know how you can say this after looking at the state of android. Beyond that, my macbooks have _vastly_ outlived any Windows laptop I ve ever owned.
I noted this at the end of my comment, but I ll elaborate Time zones do tend to be chosen such that inhabitants are within - 1 hour of solar time. If you look at the map at , a switch to permanent DST in North America would make the continent a very bright red.
This is an article that would have benefited from more photos.
Actually that is correct in many countries including US . After a period of inactivity typically 3-5 years the bank is required to turn over the money from inactive accounts to the state. This process is called escheatment. I m not joking.
Regulation should prevent this from occurring.It already exists. It s called fraud .
The process is daunting, and the mental healthcare system is deserving of extensive complaint. I have had my own bad dates . My fav I was suffering extreme burnout and had just had my car stolen, among other things. I found a therapist. On our initial appointment, he bloviated about his academic pedigree and how it wasn t his first rodeo , then dismissed my problems as not knowing what I wanted out of life I was getting an MS in math while working full-time . Cost? 400.Not long after that I spoiler alert needed a psychiatrist. It took me 30 calls to find someone with availability. I punched a hole in my wall around call 20.As recently as last Fall, I was still spinning my wheels, delaying the unpleasant search process for a therapist. I was so frustrated with the system that it short-circuited any desire to make the effort. There were at least four major barriers 1 communication anxiety worried about explaining myself and my problems to a prospective therapist. addressed in my previous comment keep any introduction email call extremely simple. 2 financial anxiety as with all healthcare in the US, the amount you pay is a random variable. Maybe it will be a waste? Maybe I will go bankrupt? if you have insurance, find someone on your plan using the Psychology Today search filters they also often list the cost. if not, there are other free or low-cost resources available, but it s context location dependent. some potential options include the VA, school college therapy, counseling programs your employer, therapists in-training, various community nonprofit organizations. ask a trusted friend to help you search, it can alleviate some of the frustration. you can ask me. 3 avoidance anxiety embarrassment around explaining my life story. Why and how should I explain the fact that I smoke weed 10x a day a true 10x developer over here to cope with my issues, when I could simply roll another joint? one role of the therapist is to be a non-judgmental sounding board and co-strategizer they aren t your coworker, parent, partner, etc. this is a hard mindset to learn, even for me to this day. I find myself saying things I think my therapist wants to hear. as a corollary ER docs have seen the full Cartesian product of injuries from objects x orifices . whatever you come in with is not as unique or embarrassing as you think. they do this all day long. 4 perfectionism Yeah I m sure this therapist can help someone get over a breakup or their dead cat, but I m a special brand of fucked up and they won t get it. I need to find a someone that is perfectly specialized in my personality problems, or it will be a waste. Also they need to have a PhD from a good school, female, not too young or too old, not ... . just a reminder that this is not a search for your soulmate. a student therapist or MSW may be more effective for you than a famous professor with books and accolades see above . anecdata the two therapists that I hand-selected didn t pan out for me at all. the two that were chosen for me at random were a wonderful fit. Finally, I would push back on the idea that remote therapy is ineffective. Telehealth in general is proving to be pretty effective, and with therapy they don t need to interact with any physical structures. The only thing that is slightly diminished is nonverbal cues, but that s not insurmountable. There are a lot of advantages significantly more options no location constraints , easy to schedule and keep appointments, can be more comfortable to not be physically present, and no stressful driving. I recently did a therapy appointment call from the Appalachian Trail!
That s a silly take. It all comes from the perspective that Mastodon has to be the next big thing. This is BS. It can stay small and serve those who choose to use it.
Would you prefer that they raised the prices of the Montreal to Paris trip so that you can pay more?Or do you want them to lower the price of the Newark to Paris trip so that it sells out early and people who would have been willing to pay 1400 for that trip can t get to where they want to go?
Glad to see this, knowing it will help ge.tt survive a good while. I ve been using their file sharing service frequently since I first saw it advertised here on HN about a year ago. With features such as f.e. their MP3 player, and the real-time sharing share files while they re still being uploaded , it s definitely the best file sharing solution I ve seen. Also a big thumbs up for letting people share anonymously and instantly, without the hassle of registering an account.
I remember the dude and remembered him mentioning trouble with his wife and kid.How can a parent take a kid out of the country without the consent of the other parent without it being categorized as kidnapping. Being that the kid is an American citizen can t the U.S. system get Japan to send this kid back if the mother is only Japanese and not the kid . Didn t America extradite the Americans involved in Ghosen s escape? So they should have agreements this such legal matters to no?P.s. I really didn t agree with American extraditing it s citizen in Goshen s case.
I believe both of you Human color perception is weird like that.
Globalization sure sets some dubious standards.Although I do speak more English than Dutch in the workplace, I would never expect it - rather, I am grateful for the allowances made for me.
Low beams at high speed do not give enough advance warning to reliably prevent a collision as your lights are turned downward, you see a pedestrian only when they re quite close.In general, traffic safety requires that road planners ensure that one of three conditions always applies a the roads are lighted from above b cars are able to use high beams c there are no pedestrians crossing the highway.This can be done in general, mostly by investments in infrastructure to ensure lighting or isolated highways wherever the density doesn t allow to drive with high beams.
but epic was spitting on the cake. neither party is holy here
I think you ve overlooked the middle-ground Stop engaging in tracking and spying and instead just show me adds. Many people who run ad-blockers myself included don t mind the ads, we mind the invasion of privacy.
You don t have to be a hippie liberal to see horrible truths in the history of post-WWII American foreign policy.
That reply reads disparaging, perhaps implying that the author needs to spend more time designing. But that s not necessarily true! Have you ever changed your code to work around a bug in some version of a web browser, or compiler? If so, you discovered a limitation of TDD as it relates to components outside your control.Saying that no methodology can solve this is defeatist there are lots of things you can do. One technique is to write your tests to use the actual component, instead of mocks. For example, I never mock the filesystem I always design tests to run using the real thing. This reduces the chances that I ve encoded some bogus assumption into my tests, and makes it more likely that I ll encounter the individual quirks of the filesystem.
In case you haven t been keeping up with current events, Congress has been wrapped up with a bow, put on the shelf, and sold. Pelosi is not even pretending to hide it, while there are fistfights in the streets for COVID tests two years into this pandemic. Big Sugar is this the same lobby that puts high-fructose corn syrup into everything? not being Fuckable With is a relatively luxurious issue. Livelihoods depend on their rent-seeking.If a top Madison Avenue agency offered to work with the Surgeon General for free to develop a national effort to promote exercise and nutrition education in youth, and fight pandemic depression, I bet that Big Sugar would lobby against it.
Not to justify their actions, but from their perspective, things probably looks a bit different.For starters, considering they are federal agents, they have likely been ordered away from their families to take care of a, let s say chaotic situation. They probably think, they have to take care of a mess others caused. They are not their citizens, but people they have few things in common. Finally, they are not received well. The demonstrators and they are different people.You can see it in other countries too. Riot police from other regions are often a recipe for complications.
Herb Sutter gave a talk somewhat recently going over the basics of working intelligently with the cache. He had some kinda surprising results where naive algorithms on vectors arrays outperformed the intuitively better list tree approaches. Circumstances where you d think all the copying elements and re-sizing std vector would be expensive turn out not to matter. basic take-away is to always prefer std vector and boost flat_set flat_map unless you have evidence to the contrary.
It s _much_ easier to stop using Facebook than, say, Microsoft, Intel, Apple, etc.
Ask Germany.
RK was is very much a Soviet invention, but it s not the same as external corneal reshaping I can t remember the real term . RK uses corneal incisions to flatten the curvature without removal.
culture, tradition, and tastes.From the article I realise, of course, that on this website it is considered highly improper to actually read them , it looks like they are at least initially targeting industrial egg users bakeries, processed food , so that s hardly relevant these are industries which specifically want albumen because of how it behaves, but as long as it s albumen the end product won t be significantly impacted.
If they are fake why were they so quick to ban the leakers? They would let Community Notes do their job, something tells me they panicked.Regardless, there definitely exists a hidden whitelisting to protected users spread their hatred, otherwise accounts like this that explicitly use slurs would be banned long ago.
There s one person who I ve had as a manager before that I have told people that if this person ever comes into my management chain again, I will be leaving that company very soon I ve said this at more than one company . This isn t to hold them hostage to me I just won t work with that person ever again.It s also true that the wrong person can disrupt a team that was previously running smoothly. So, yes, we didn t like hanging out with her him is a perfectly legitimate reason to separate someone from a team.
To eschew exceptions almost always entails giving up RAIIHow so? RAII works just fine when you return errors.
On that same note I see you desperately want to believe it started in China.Maybe If you don t like the Spain results, Italy ones a few months before Wuhan will be more to your taste? Forgot to mention one thing. I don t care about either China or US. They are both just as bad as far as I m concerned. Different faces of totalitarianism.
It means the offgas storage system has to be designed for a large heat load, even in accident scenarios. It also means the common MSR talking point that the FPs stay in the salt is not correct.
I was stopping by to poke fun at the linux crowd. Hello terminal, I d like to buy a vowel please.
Your assertion doesn t even apply in Western culture, let alone generalization across cultures you probably know nothing about.Most people would consider Elon to be eccentric, Paul Graham to not look like traditional VC, and these superficial aspects are frankly irrelevant. So why is it ok to use that to insinuate stereotypes and hand-wavy assertions of malfeasance.Perhaps for you there is no consequence, but much like calling the coronavirus the China virus , you re doing cultural damage by spreading negative stereotypes via fabricated or insinuated purely speculative assertions. The stereotype here is that China is associated with as some dystopian backwards society that has done no favors for its citizenry, which may or may not be true, but is definitely not defended by any objective evidence presented by the OP.To flip the scenario, imagine if some random people from China commented about how the US elections seems like there was rampant fraud, without much supporting evidence. By lending credence to something without any concrete evidence you give it some air of legitimacy. When you do so by purely speculating on non-important things you ve entered the realm of purely pushing an agenda with no substance.
I m glad you brought this up, because this kind of thing happens precisely never on a financial exchange.If you go to a store, the store owner sees you take your apples up to the counter, and so he can theoretically change his price before you get there although in practice, if he ever did that he would soon be out of business .On a financial exchange, the market maker doesn t even find out that you wanted to buy until the trade has already happened. It is literally impossible for the market maker to change his price, because he doesn t find out about your order until it s already occurred.What is possible is that the market maker is also quoting on another, totally separate exchange, and he decides to change his prices there, in reaction to seeing a big order on the first exchange.It s like an apple seller who owns two carts in different parts of town. When you come to his first cart and buy all his apples for 2, he guesses that maybe you are going to go over to his second cart and buy all the apples there as well, so he calls his business partner who s running that cart, and tells him to raise his prices to 2.50 - which makes perfect sense as a business strategy, because demand has gone up.Note that he only raised his prices because you bought all the apples at his first cart. If you just bought one apple out of the hundreds he has because you re a small investor, not a giant investment bank then he wouldn t bother to raise his prices.
If you really cared about the artist , you d buy music in CD form and rip it, wouldn t you? Does not buying in iTunes mean that pirating is the only other option?
Since when is protecting the private property rights of corporations a left issue? This is a constitutional issue, and the fact that any court ruling that GOP voters disagree with is now a left issue tells you everything you need to know about how far civil discourse in this country has fallen.
Huh, this is an old trick but always a good one. Back in the days when iPhones were AT T exclusive people managed to bypass the carrier lock by fuzzing all possible permutations of AT commands to the baseband. Once a crash was found it could potebtially be used as an exploit to modify its internal state.It took Apple four years to harden their baseband firmware to resist all kinds of fuzzing efforts and bear in mind Apple only had 2-3 concurrent models to worry about. It must be harder for android vendors with their myriad different platforms.
1. my rent2. my healthcare bill
In Most circumstances employers don t actually define full time as 40 hours. My employer, for example, defines full time as someone working over 32 hours which means I can work one less day and retain full benefits.
Please don t post shallow dismissals, especially of other people s work. A good critical comment teaches us something.
They can release an app, no problem.
And how to really remove a file from your git history....
Is the use of the E notation common in JS? I can see that it could be less bytes, obviously more efficient for bigger values... Looking at the script I can see it is minified or whatever we call that these days. I guess my question really is did someone write 5E3 or did the minifier choose it? Sorry this is heading into the weeds, but I m not really a web developer so maybe someone can tell me!
dead
using a language model on top of character level OCRBut if you know you re going to use a language model after the OCR, then you don t OCR to a single character, but rather to a distribution of character similarity e.g. the 90 least similar or clipping at a certain similarity threshold . Then the language model should have more to work with although TBH its work becomes more complicated .
Just something to consider if you re dreading implementing sorting paging unless you re dealing with millions upon millions of rows, this can be done client-side
Consensus is invoked only in situations where the science is not solid enough.No. Consensus is invoked when science becomes a political issue. This is because politicians and their voters do not have the time or the inclination to examine data. Instead, the battle is a political one where the playing field is about who has more authority.In political issues evolution, global warming politicians and scientists that are political try to use the authority of science, not the science itself.
Why didn t you just verify when co-working that yes, you are the one who is asking to have your key signed? Wouldn t that have solved it all in one go?
Some people like dead-end streets and large yards. Some people want to prevent people from having such an option.
A few years ago Steam began showing labeling on store pages for games that use third party DRM and if you buy a game that has it and you did so unwittingly, then you can return it without issue provided you played less than two hours and you bought it within the last two weeks.
based
cdza has a History of Misheard Lyrics . those unfamiliar with cdza, they film musical experiments, frequently humorous in a distinctive in studio style, generally as a single shot.
Meanwhile, on the other side of the world, cops are lynched by a mob of blacks and arab thugs for daring to respond to a call for help Champigny in France on New Year s eve .It s a different part of the world...
Would be far more useful if you prune duplicates and segment the log into 4 sections today, last week, last month, older .Like the concept though.
Borrowing to the limit while times are good leaves you no room when times are badTimes are bad. Germany is very likely in a recession right now and they have fallen back technologically. Now is the time to spend some money and it was never cheaper.
although the area of the reorder buffer is proportional to width x depth .No, the reorder buffer size is proportional to the number of μ-ops, it does not depend on the number of execution ports.
Our meetings always start late but always end right on time. Either somebody rambles for half an hour to fill the time or the meeting closes in the middle of finding a solution.
The answer is every single time. They do not read prompts ever.
It should generally be fine if you re selling immediately. What you probably don t want is to sell at the, e.g., 6 month mark, which makes you pay short-term capital gains.But I m not a tax professional so there may be other concerns I m not aware of.
You do not have a contract with your bank that stipulates these things.
Shibasaki is awesome. Always a joy to watch his videos.Along similar lines I would like to recommend Ishitani Furniture s Youtube channel. The videos are not tutorials like Shibasaki s but it is a joy to watch Natsuki Ishitani make made-to-order furniture. Equally good videography and editing by Chie.
Are there dev tools or an interpreter built into newton OS, so you can do stuff while it s running? e.g. Dylan REPL
32 bit seems so obviously bad I m not sure why we still have it..
Skipping ads entirely isn t purely ethicalIt absolutely is. Nobody is obligated to look at this crap.Their entire business model is based on sending people free stuff loaded with ads. They assume people are going to look at the ads. They only have themselves to blame if their assumptions don t hold.
thats true offcourse, but those are examples of 100s of years of history. Any armed conflict I know about now is initiated by men.And look at the average interest of men and women. Games they play, movies they watch, not many men like to see Bridget Jones and not may women like to see Vietnam war movies I would assume, on average, women start a lot less conflict. Non of these woman are at war as far as I know
It s in Britain. We re not like that.
Yeah, there s a ton of barely noticeable nuance to Wordle s design that makes it so popular. The way sharing was set up was brilliant, and the everyone gets the same word design feels super limiting and strange, but you can instantly see the tie back to his earlier projects where that makes it more of an experience event than a simple word game. Things like Place and The Button having hard set interaction limits changes what they are and how people play them.The usability experience is absolutely top notch as well, I can t speak to any input or interaction method that feels natural that Wordle doesn t seem to handle effortlessly.It s a simple game, but it s a game tuned to the absolute perfection of it s craft.
Corporations can t be nice. They exist to multiply capital of the investors. Among those investors there is a big one - 401ks, index funds and other assets of small people managed by big firms. As an individual investor, do you want your 401k to grow? If you do, you re among the many who force Google to promote efficient nihilists who bring money. If you don t, why haven t you invested your savings in a nonprofit fund helping the homeless?
thinkpad x395 2019 , the one I am using.I suspect your setup isn t using hw acceleration for video decode.
Yeah I m not 100 familiar with the potential case here but I d imagine it s in everyone s best interest to ensure that the medicine is not hindered in its ability to be manufactured and delivered and that the company that holds patents on the delivery vehicle LNP would be compensated justly.It isn t a new thing for what it s worth. Going back to earlier this year it has been looked at, but we don t really have a clear picture on what will shake out.
This 1 is apparently the data released. I am no physicist but that page doesn t exactly inspire awe among the curious minded.They do explain how a couple of undergrads were able to use the data to create something meaningful in the original release article but that specific site can definitely use a UX designer, or two.
You have a higher tolerance for grating. I find TAL impossible to listen to weekly.It embodies the elements of NPR that drive me nuts, without the pledge drive to give me a time out period.
What I don t understand is why you can buy a usblightning cable for like 5 at any gas station, but afaict all lightning-based headphones are stupid expensive. Couldn t some company just start selling 10 lightning headphones?
I was just thinking this. Know many NHS tech people in my circle. None earn 70k .Contractors potentially but they d generally be on 100k if the rates are at all competitive. Though contracting has dwindled in recent times because of the IR35 legislation and org budgets.I m very much on the lookout for IT contracting gigs and don t come across many at all for the NHS.
... and I ll ask you the same question I always do in that case, adding predictable, low latency arenas to GC languages is much easier than using hazard pointers which are really a form of GC to non-GC languages. Why should RC ever be the default?
Analysis of rocks like stones, not the rolling ones for audiophiles wasn t a subtle improvement and yet I did a fair few Volcano on, Volcano off comparisons before I could really accept what I was hearing. In all honesty despite hearing the positive effects the Vibradome Blue star had made to my other system I was still shocked and surprised this item could make such a difference by just sitting on the amps case. Its not heavy enough to damp it and yet it was making a difference and a positive one frankly I don t know how.
Agreed. There are countless old models you can buy off eBay, drop in a new SSD and battery, install your distro of choice and keep using for several more years. Almost all models of that kind have a lot of serviceable parts, for example replacing the thermal paste is usually easy and makes the cooling better than it was brand new.I haven t bought one myself simply because I have my own units that still work 10-15 years later. The screens mean they re dreadful as actual hands-on laptop experiences, but they re perfectly fine for home servers with built-in battery backup and management console.
I agree. The few domains I have there, I m really happy about. I love how it really focuses on domains first.However, with the email service, google apps, and web forwarding, I m a little concerned they ll start up-selling ssl, hosting, seo, website builders, etc, etc, etc, etc.I think it would be hard NOT to do this as a domain registrar given how it probably feels like you re just leaving money on the table by not selling all these other related services.
I m not here to convince you of anything, but I will say with all genuine honesty I don t know who Paul Graham is. I m here because I got tired of reddit and my friends said there s more tech news here.I also think that playing startup is so obvious that many people could have come up with it. That being said, it s also quite possible that I saw it somewhere and absorbed it without fully remembering the source and now have a false memory of coming up with it myself.I will add though that it s pretty fascinating as someone who is so disinterested in and at times has a disdain for startup people and startup culture, to be accused along the lines of, how dare you feign not knowing who Startup Person X is!
How so?
If you re using a cloud-based linux server, most of them have mail some_long_command mail -s Command finished email example.com
Everyone should use the most accurate description possible, and in fact many people have referred to the attack on the capitol building as an insurrection, which I think is a fair way to describe it.My issue with Taibbi is it seems like he is stretching for a way to say that both sides are equally culpable. That s the context of him arguing over word choice. On the one hand, you have people who are lying about the election and whipping people into a frenzy of rage and craziness. On the other hand, these people over here are really using the wrong word to describe the attack on the capitol building. These things are not the same.
Wait. So. Multiple studies show that light mode is better trumps my actual experience, with my eyeballs, in my office environment?This is how I always feel about design UI UX etc research They remove functionality and make things more clumsy and then claim it s Good For Me. They unironically cite to design fundamentals without consideration for culture or even personal preference 0 as if any such things could exist. Is it any coincidence the most designed websites are a narrow strip of gray-on-gray text lost in a site which won t even load without heavyweight JS? 0
What do you diagram on the whiteboard Visio? Class hierarchies?
Honestly, I m surprised we had as much mask social distancing compliance in the early parts of the pandemic as we did. It s encouraging how much people will put up as long as they understand why. But that seems to only work for a limited time, and we haven t been doing so well on vaccinations.As for the future being boring... I suppose if 2020 is a representative sample of what the future has to offer, it won t be. But I agree that a lot of things may just gradually get worse, if we don t figure out how to deal with them. And in terms of climate, the best possible outcome isn t great.
He is European-born but has lived in Australia for some time now.
This is really just a way to show how good GPT-2 is at predicting text. If you know anything about information theory, you ll know that the entropy of the information source places a hard limit on how much it can be compressed. If GPT-2 is really good at predicting English text, then the entropy of its output should be very very close to the entropy of natural English text. Thus, using GPT-2 predictions as an adaptive source encoder will achieve compression ratios that approach the information content entropy of English text.
You might start here you re interested in how to perform the actual meditation, this is a great book
If you have to connect to a lot of third-party stuff that uses USB-A then I would say it s not weird. I migrated all my personal devices and cables to USB-C though and it s much better overall.
It does feel off. That s why lawyers have a saying, bad facts make bad law. That is, people tend to side with what feels right In a given situation rather than what is the best policy for a government to execute over millions of people over centuries.
The one that has been most frequently discussed was the lack of support in the beginning for screen sharing and the like, but there are many others.X11 is such a central part of the software required to use a computer that it is not acceptable for a substitute to implement only a subset of its functions.For any X11 replacement, its architecture should have been conceived since the beginning to enable the implementation of all X11 functions, even if for some of them a lower performance caused by interposed compatibility layers is acceptable, if it is hoped that they will be deprecated eventually.It should have been obvious for the Wayland developers that some of the X11 features will never be deprecated, e.g. screen snapshots, screen sharing or remote desktop access.Instead of trying to remove such features, they should have tried since the beginning to find better solutions for them then in X11.While a network protocol should be implemented by a program distinct from the graphics system, when designing any modern graphics API one should ensure that it has good compatibility with something like the Remote Desktop Protocol.In general the Wayland designers have attempted to minimize the work they had to do by claiming that various functions belong into other programs, but their arguments are not convincing.Most, if not all, functions of a window manager should be implemented in the same process as the graphics system, even if the window manager should be some kind of replaceable plugin. That includes the window decorations. A GUI application must be concerned only with the client area of a window.Moreover, it is inexcusable that Wayland has not been designed with an up-to-date color management since the beginning.
So you open every single link? I read the headlines, open the ones I want to read and then pressing the mark all as read was a total blessing because next time I open the page I only look at the non grey links.I guess I could just open all the links but it doesn t seem ideal.
mdbootstrap has good samples and admin to has anybody used that.
This has the reefer madness feel of drug war reporting. After sitting through school classes where a police officer tells you about street names of drugs, and how they have instantly horrible effects, then finding out on your own that the officer was spouting the purest of propaganda, it s hard to believe reporting like this.
Noted, and thanks. Your feedback is much appreciated.
Nice set of rules for laying out flowcharts. That said there s a reason flowcharts are passé as a form of documentation.
Dunno. IANAPhysicist But that s hella cool. Cheers!
Two objects at the same inclination can still have very high relative velocity if on different planes.
Why can t you just segregate your network with VLANs? I don t see the need for multiple routers.
Until you discover that one feature in production that is built with dynamically concatenated class names and the SCSS file is deeply nested to hell and back so your search didn t find card__ cardType __inner - userPrefColor -background Ask me how I know!
It occurs to me that if you have a big company, probably the best way to spend money for the benefit of human kind is supporting a research lab in this style. I think this beats even having a foundation like Bill Gates. By the way, Gates does both things...
Apple 2019 plugging an external projector will most likely not work. Fanboys are very vocal that this is the fault of projector manufacturers for not ensuring that their HW works with every Apple model.Glad I m not the only one having issues getting my non-antialiased fonts to render properly on external monitors. Crossing fingers for 2020.
It s a complex problem for which solutions have many ramifications, so it s perfectly normal to see different opinions. Personally, I enjoy the friendly and constructive discussion I have seen so far, and can say that I learned a few things.
I d just want to add that, I in general don t think it s a good idea to train cats to learn behaviors that are unnatural for them. One could say that, eating processed cat food and living with humans are already unnatural, which is true. But to the extent that s possible, I want to provide my cats the freedom to act as naturally as possible.On this particular cat toilet training trick cats are in fact quite particular about litterbox -- where it s positioned, how safe it feels inside it, how it smells. A human toilet is decidedly an unnatural setup for cats, and who knows what can happen. Maybe the cat learns to use it but constantly feels anxious about it e.g. slipper surface . Maybe it will avoid pooping until it gets really uncomfortable. All of these can t be good for its health.
Congrats on the release!!Is opening where you left off an uncommon feature for readers?
We all get that the Chinese government has to make tough decisions. All we are asking for is transparency and accountability, which would lead to better less corrupt decisions in the long term.
Sometimes it is more subtle than that, sometimes people want it to be what it could be rather than what it is. Those can be the hardest things to accept. it s a stereotypical parent angst You could be a doctor and you want to be a park ranger? kinds of things Facebook has a huge user base, .001 of them whining about how it sucks is a whole bunch of people.
pretty much every change Yahoo has done has been a step backwards, except for changing the url to delicious.com
What does that show disagreement with?
It s been long enough that perhaps the manufacturers are hoping the lesson will be lost as they move to return to online sales.Ford in my experience is especially bad about making poorly engineered low-mid tier vehicles that require consumer recalls, lawsuits, etc.They would benefit greatly from a reduced dealership presence without a corresponding decrease in sales volume.
If they were able to cause the pacemaker to fire when they wanted they could time it during the repolarization, which could possibly cause a fatal arrhythmia even in a heart that doesn t need a pacemaker. It s called R-on-T phenomenon and it s usually caused by malfunctioning pacemakers.
I think this is the best description of free-beer versus free-speech I ve ever read. Thank you.
cockroachdb employee Short answer no.Long answer at their closest earth and mars are about 54m km apart, at the furthest it s over 400, with an average of around 225m km, so theoretical latency is varies between 4 and 24 minutes.CockroachDB uses synchronous replication via raft, and that latency would cause problems as would some other setting like our window sizes and their interaction with timeouts.
Just for the record, I was implying you re crazy.
Interesting for the hard example of 2, it outperforms the project, though I credit this to memorization given that it is able to reproduce the correct stanza and punctuation for Spring and Fall, to a Young Child .FWIW, the only reason you need DP to get it right is because, well, you want it right. A human can of course generally split words with just a language model in 1-pass, as long as you don t have ambiguous text. And on the flipside, you absolutely need a language model to correctly segment text. ilovesnails can only be decoded correctly if you understand subject-verb agreement, given that there are two solutions that have dictionary agreement. I love snails and I loves nails FWIW, GPT-4 tubro is imperfect. Heenjoysgoingtotheparkswimmingdancingandlovesnailsproduces He enjoys going to the parks, swimming, dancing, and loves snails.Note how it added an additional s in presumably because snails is just so much higher probability than nails to love no idea why park also became parks . I found it hard to guide it to the correct solution without explicit prompting.Amusingly even with guiding, it first broke it s own grammar model, first choosing He enjoys going to the park, swimming, dancing, and love snails.
Is it really vanishing rare? Most of the dictatorships I can think of are capitalist. Egypt, Russia, Thailand, Iran, as random examples. They re not total laissez-faire economies, but neither are democracies.
Houses aren t part of the retail sector. Cars are, and they represent 23 of the US retail sector in terms of dollar amount.
Growth or opportunities for growth must be present to convince buyers and investors to exchange more-liquid assets like cash for less-liquid assets like ownership. I part with 100 that I can spend anywhere for a share of stock that I hope will grow in value. Without opportunity for growth I have no incentive to part with my 100.In the Facebook example, if Zuckerberg didn t want to grow Facebook, but wanted to still capitalize on it, he could have found a buyer and sold. The buyer would have been interested in growing it, and committed resources to doing so. Growing or Selling were the only two real options that would deliver Zuckerberg any gain. Once he decided not to sell, his only option was to deliver investors growth, so they would be willing to place their money in Facebook.Another example would be an iOS app. There are plenty of apps in the app store where the developer built it, put it out there, charged 0.99 and that was it. If the app meets a need, this can work for a while, but eventually either demand will change or competitors will arise and the developer would either need to update grow their app to maintain their revenue stream.Growth is a fundamental piece of the financial system and eventually everyone decides to either grow, sell, or undercapitalize their asset.
If you delete a div from the DOM, nested divs are deleted as well. This is the core to a new site engine I ve built 0 . It takes a JSON representation of a single-page application, and dynamically constructs pages within the browser. The resulting page is very fast and lightweight, especially on mobile, as there are almost no server calls involved. The Node engine is less than 200 LOC and the client is less than 600 - both are smaller than the JSON file for the main site. I m building a hosting service for this new type of site, hoping to launch before end of summer 1 . 0
The article says Attacking Bitcoin keys would require around 1500 qubits . So with 28 of these, Bitcoin is compromised?
The title of the article clearly states some of the problems this is trying to solve. E.g., dust-immune .Also, they claim the heat sink to be relatively quiet under 30dBa .
There are ways of negotiating a salary that don t involve the government mandating your wages.
For a hobby game earning 1800 yearly in profited is a lot.Not even speaking about you having to put it up upfront and every year I m not sure if it s every year you still maintain or sell the game .I mean typical prices for mini hobby games are 5-10 at most 20, if we go with 10 it means you would need to have already had 180 customers before publishing on a game console which is you only target e.g. the PlayStation is a problem.And sure that might not sound like much, but we are speaking about small hobby projects of often young people, potentially worried about how to pay their student loans or teen not yet earning money.And sure they probably will target Steam first.And sure in the sells aspects this doesn t matter for EA, but it will make more young people use different things for their first games.It s not about weather it is expensive, it s about it feeling expensive for the next generation.Furthermore when it doesn t matter from a sells perspective why increase the burden? Why not just reducing the less expensive limit from 200k revenue to 80k or so?
Sometimes. I think it s a Flash thing and it depends on the speed of your computer. Perhaps key up events aren t being fired correctly.
Yes. Part of the problem is the CC license restriction of Wikipedia Wikimedia. A lot of primary sources such as the ones Encarta included were often proprietary licensed and copyrighted products. According to Wikipedia s annual donation bars they supposedly spend enough on hosting costs every year that spending money on licensing media content is probably out of the question for them.I almost wish for a sort of intellectual property eminent domain promoting more things like famous news footage into the public domain where they fit an almanac need. Though I admit creating any sort of such program would be really hard to do, as the boundaries would be murky and it potentially would impact the revenue of companies and groups that generally need such revenue to survive PBS, for example .
IMO the quest lines and the powers are very Skyrim y. Combat is undeniably Fallout without vats, which I think is a good thing.
So a cookie such as gdpr_response ok has ZERO effect on GDPR compliance.I wouldn t be so certain about that. Before now, most people were pretty certain that an accept decline warning was enough and that they had the right to refuse service to people who did not click OK on the warning.
I think you re misunderstanding - GNU Linux is a multi-user OS regardless of if it is run in a kvm xen etc container or on bare metal.Even if only one person or no persons ever log in, the machine is capable of running processes under multiple users and it is best practice to maintain this so that all users do not share the same level of privilege.
In Grep grep -R some term , in Ack ack some term . The -R tells grep to search through all directories and subdirectories while the tells it what types of files.No, that s not how it works with grep. The shell is expanding the glob to all the things in the current directory that don t start with a dot and that s what grep sees. It then reads each of them in turn or if they re a directory it descends into them recursively the plays no further part in the descent.
I wrote a script sometime ago, which sells about 4 copies a month for 25 each. The only way I marketed was by adding it to directories such as HotScripts. That will you give you some traffic if you re providing a solution in a field that s not highly competitive a niche . You could try that.
Wait... the repository states that the source code is under the GPLv3. Doesn t the App Store disallow apps that are under the GPL, or is that a myth?
Tim Ferris of BrainQUICKEN fame? The I ll show you shortcuts so you don t have to work hard! guy? Seems like an odd fit for Schwarzenegger.
Hmm I wonder what sort of privacy impacts there are in a future of having Meta or Google et al AI running on chips on your phone when the parent company has so much info on you and blatantly flaunts privacy laws.
You need to be aware of how the religion defines things because that definition has teeth for people actually living in those countries. The punishment for leaving apostasy is generally death. A third of people in the country where I m from believe that really should be the punishment. And it s one of the moderate ones in Egypt it s about 2 3. It s a self-perpetuating system, which goes to the soundness of OP s counting methodology above.In Egypt, the rate of wearing some form of veil went from almost zero in the middle of the 20th century to 90 today. For the most part, that trend is enforced through various degrees of social coercion.
Money quote for the non-lisper For simplicity, let s use the notationYes, let s! Except in lisp, you can t. Yes, feeling snarky.
That s a pretty ridiculous suggestion for someone like Linus surely...
But the max you could extend them to was much less. So long as you were doing it for the long term blowing it and replacing it was your better approach.
If you want to teach all these things in a single semester, you teach a whole lot of nothing.How deep can you even go per topic beyond mentioning that it exists?The topics you listed are all 1-2 semester courses individually.I d like to see your 2 weeks on networking. What are you going to teach there? Hey guys the web exists there are webservers and an http protocol, btw you can boot up a webserver by writing python -m SimpleHttpServer ok thats it see ya next week for our lecture on regex ?Please don t pretend you re ever going to mention sockets. That s just not enough time.
I think that Jamie Zawinski cut his teeth on the Apple II series. Those had green-on-black monitors.I agree, though. The contrast is a strain on the eyes.
There are no such things as tax loopholes. There is compliance with the law as Congress has written with all of their agendas, and there is noncompliance.
I hope that the moment iOS is forced to allowed alternative browsers, Firefox is ready on day 1.
Cute, but they also traded and held USD.
Nobody is suggesting this.No sane person can look at the riots and say this is protest it stopped being that long ago.It stopped being that the moment it turned into riots.Those still participating are complicit at the very least and I would hazard a guess are well fucking aware of what they re doing.I should clarify, I am well aware there are still ongoing peaceful protests.Those are not an issue, and nobody on this side is confusing them or labelling them as rioters.If you want to see what biased but relatively fair coverage of this, go watch tim pool on youtube. There is a bit of exaggeration but by and large what he speaks is mostly pretty solid reasoning.The extreme left has taken over this issue and is destroying our chances at finally removing trump. And I m pissed about this, because the issues these riots started over are real, and need resolution, but these riots don t result in this outcome.They result in more people falling down the right side of things.
Site works fine for me in Chrome.A lot of travel agencies have systems that actually can check all airlines for their flight information. I would suggest you look into that and run off of a hybrid between server and queries instead of waiting for an API and in the meantime tell people something is easy when in fact it really isn t. Most of my queries return errors on the pop-ups.
I think it always makes sense to go looking for a job when you don t have one and you wish to be an independent adult and support yourself through employment.But, obviously, we re not talking the same kind of makes sense here, are we?
They announced recently that they will be about a month late for the dev kit on their Matrix channel. Not surprising, and if they are only one month late I would consider them on time
Yep, but in terms of languages, that is around the corner!
You ve never heard common sense called horse sense ?
Once a revision is widely known to be racist there ll be pressure to update to the corrected version.
Meet is by far the best UX of the bunch, but it s a hell of a resource hog. Amusingly less so in Safari than Chrome, but even so it still turns my 16 MBP into a space heater.
I specifically wrote that the Maverick is a more practical and economical solution than the cybertruck when you re not in the group of people that needs power durability. I don t have any opinion on whether the cybertruck is durable, I assume it s fine. I also agree that the Maverick doesn t have much overlap with the cybertruck but, it is a popular part of the truck market and outperforms the cybertruck on range and economics.As for power the cybertruck pulls 11k pounds which puts it at similar towing capacity as an f150. Some f150 engine options come in above, some below. The smallest engine f250 nearly doubles it. The cybertruck only competes in the 1 2 ton range. Everyone who buys 3 4 ton up will be losing significant capability.The range when towing is the biggest problem as you said. It s just pitiful. Just the other day there was a report of a cybertruck getting 160 mile range with another 6000lb tesla on a trailer. My 2011 f150 that i bought for 15k in 2015 would more than double that range. What do you suppose the range is on a 8000lb box trailer? What about when you re headed up I-70 with 2000lb trailer?Half the trucks out there that people complain about driving around town empty have a snowmobile trailer or a boat or a camper at home. People take those recreational items an hour or two out of town on a regular basis, typically in directions that won t have a charger.I aware I m an outlier but the closest superchargers to me are 90 miles away. Around here more than half the vehicles you see are trucks and a cybertruck is just not a feasible option. I see a couple rivians around town but they re vanity purchases, used in a capacity that could be served, by a maverick or a subaru. Which is fine. You can buy something that you think is cool. But thats the market. People thinking it s cool. People who want their truck to do more than take the boat down to the marina 30 miles away twice a year are likely going to look elsewhere.Really though, the only thing the cybertruck needs to do to be successful is to be profitable. If people buy it then it doesn t really matter what it can or can t do. I ve seen number s thrown around like 200k sales per year for breakeven etc. I don t know the validity of any of those types of esitmates but it s hard to imagine tesla constantly selling 30 as many cybertrucks in a year as ford does f150s. But more power to them if it does.
They mean that, once you have paid and received permission to use the work, you shouldn t be restricted in your use of the work.Including reselling the work. This is one part I don t understand. One person pays full price and sells it to everybody else at a lower price, until the product is free as in, yes, free beer.
As a programmer that used to work with lawyers, they don t seem to get the idea of precedence parentheses in the context of boolean logic.
Exactly. The author is either a manipulator or manipulated, by his own admission and therefore is not to be trusted.
Super cool and congrats on shipping! Something I d love to see is the ability to embed a document on other sites via iframes a la GitHub Gist embeds. That way I could, say, write a blog post describing an algorithm, embed an example of the calculations, and allow visitors to tweak the values and see how they affect the output. Well done!
Great way to teach a lesson, and a great promotion!
Seriously? I can t think of a better way to call for possible contributors .
Safety-critical industries here and over there are regulated by standards. They re an exception. Average, embedded system can use whatever it wants so long as it produces code to run on target board. Making your tooling generate C as output is easiest way to cheat. It s what I did with my BASIC 4GL. People were none the wiser.
Psilocybin may have saved my life, after a lifetime of PTSD. It threw off the wet blanket that had enveloped me for decades.At this point in my medical history, I ve tried just about everything else, what have I got to lose?
That s it AWIB - you re now second to one.1. I d pay for a making of.2. In case any of you guys here happens to run this whole thing, I d really appreciate a copy of all the intermediate sources. AWIB is a Brainfuck compiler written in Brainfuck, polyglot in Tcl, C and Bash and of course Brainfuck .
I feel like this is a bit light on data, since it s only 11 people from 3 companies using 1 non-English website.The takeaway, though, is consistent with what I ve seen... people like code examples! Most people will scan until they see one, and start there. The heavy focus on API Reference in this study makes me think either the tasks were too specific, or the tutorials weren t comprehensive enough. For a good documentation site, most use cases should be covered by topical guides. Going to the reference guides to learn an API is like reading a dictionary to learn English. There s not a lot of context.
But this isn t the field of computer science, it s HN. HN has developed its own distinct culture, as any long-running online forum does.
It sounds like you haven t done any research. Try it has links to many good resources.
Please say more. True, but I wonder if you might be missing the participatory aspect of Social Media.My mental model for social media is feedback loops.Much as I hated prior corporate media a la Chomsky, Ad Busters, others , I acknowledge that the editorial filter squelched virality runaway positive feedback loops . Of course, we humans have always had fads, trends, groupthink.Social medias changed the filters using Chomsky s term . Gone are the Advertiser and Publisher filters. Replaced with algorithms which boost engagement. To a degree prior medias couldn t even dream of.Like Stalin said, quantity has its own quality.What I still don t understand is how the social medias transmuted from connecting peers within my monkey sphere family, friends, acquaintances, people with shared interests, and so on to coordinating mass action and inciting mobs. ... purposeful characterization something via slander, comedy, insult, quip etcI m very interested in the repercussions of the Sandy Hook parent s defamation case against Alex Jones.Rights comes with responsibilities. Meaning speech has consequences.Perhaps if the courts allow individuals harmed by Freedom Speeches , we won t need draconian hate speech laws and such.That d be progress.
Udacity is great for picking up specific skills but if a nanodegree is all you got on your resume, I doubt you would be taken seriously by employers.
The Art of Unix Programming Eric S. Raymond has a longish section on the history of Unix, which is very illuminating, as it stretches several decades of its development. The Hacker Crackdown Law and Disorder on the Electronic Frontier Bruce Sterling I wouldn t call this a really good book, but it s interesting to have read it if you didn t yet have anything to do with computers in the early 1990s. It tells the story of how crackers not hackers! came to public prominence, and gives some insight into the early days of the Internet.Both are available for free.
when the Agile meetings at my last job got so absurd that we were being asked to estimate JIRA task time in T-shirt sizesFeels like a very outsized reaction to have to something well-intentioned, useful, and not-ridiculous.
What is the typical number of rules someone has to write if they get, say, 100 emails per day from any combination of 1000 contacts?If you have 100 common contacts as opposed to the other 900 who email once and a while and I need, say, a rule or two for each to cover the basics... and a rule or two to cover groups of people because one-to-one emails are the exception in business not the rule ... isn t that hundreds and hundreds of rules?Not having seen the alpha, that feels like an insurmountable first threshold, UX-wise.Also, just out of curiosity, other than general ease-of-use which seems much nicer in your 3 examples , how is this better than typical filters which I don t use ?
There are only two kinds of languages the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses Do you realize that almost everything widely used today is implemented in C, C or ObjectiveC?All the operating systems Linux, Windows, Mac, iOS, Android , most of the desktop apps Office, Photoshop , programming languages PHP, Ruby, JavaScript, Python, both Sun and IBM JVMs , browsers IE, Chrome, Firefox , web servers Apache, nginx , database Oracle, MS SQL, mySQL, Postgres, Redis, MongoDB , Google s search engine, eBay, Bing, Facebook, most of the games, embedded medical devices etc.
Most ideas won t make it past the economic calculation litmus test. If a system cannot do economic calculation, than it s impossible to implement or only get by imitating the price structure of existing free market systems.You could dismiss capitalism by merely saying it s an ideology. Yet, capitalism s strength is not so much that its supporter exists, but that it works and exists. It s a natural and a spontaneous formation in society.In North Korea, people make by with black markets. The problem there is that the government wiped out people saving by inflating the currency in an effort to revive their failing state factories.All the other system I ever heard of requires central planning, and some kind of authority. It doesn t relies on some kind of spontaneous cooperation that happen in western society. It relies on iron fists and lot of policing.What are you merely doing is blaming distinct structures of society together as capitalism , as if western nations adopt a pure version. It is not. It is a cacophonous mixture of all kind. Street gangs, the institution of statism, regulatory frameworks, and the system of laws and rules all works to create an emergent society. All of these system and institution are all moving parts, each creating its own disincentives and incentives, some perverse, and some positive. Organizations itself doesn t stay the same, it grows, and dies, based on the incentive system placed within that organizations. For example, gangs become more violent to increase its power and earn more money. The public got tired and told the police to curb it or lose their jobs. The gangs eventually become more discreet dues to its leadership and memberships getting decimated. The police evolve special gangs unit to catch them now that it is expected of them to stop gangsters.Some are feudal-like, some are socialist, some are anarchist voluntary, and some are statist coercive.So some part of western society have some capitalism. It doesn t tell us that capitalism itself is a failure just because of recent economic crisis that pervades western nations. You didn t consider the democratic system of government, the nature of our regulatory system, and the kind of incentive structure it imparts on human actors.
On some level I agree ... but I can t in all honesty get behind this statement 100 . For example I enjoyed seeing the videos of Richard Spencer the dapper white nationalist and Billy Steele guy shouting on the tube about how black people are less than him getting punched in the face.Don t know if this makes me an asshole or a human.
i d love to hear more about this setup!what kind of rack lets you just jack in 12v batteries with no concern about charge discharge?what s the spread of their capacities?do you group similar capacity batteries together? somehow and charge discharge them together?won t nearby large capacity batteries spread smear their voltage with other batteries on the rail? the smallest batteries will just get obliterated, and the large ones will do the heavy lifting, right?do you have something that disconnects batteries when their voltage drops too low? and does it charge them too?if you put every battery on its own charger, and then use a high low voltage disconnect, maybe this works, to connect random batteries together on a shared rail...am i overcomplicating this? or is your setup dangerous?are you assuming everything has the same float voltage, and you never need to actually discharge, and then you never charge either?as soon as you go off mains float voltage, and actually use this battery system, some batteries will deplete faster than others since they have less capacity.are you using it for purely backup purposes only, and not recharging?
Even before EE they had a free edition of PyCharm.
Your argument is illogical because it implies that people should be able to alter the tax law by intentionally overpaying taxes.
The large hardware store chains only stock standard softwoods and some board materials, all in subpar quality. This mostly caters to the jigsaw and woodscrews faction.
Still my favorite Wat A lightning talk by Gary Bernhardt from CodeMash 2012 is a humorous talk about javascript
response I believe this proposal is unethical and that we should not pursue it. It s safe to say I m very happy with Hixie being the editor of the html5 spec.
It s because scientific evidence for a novel theory is often spotty and incomplete, and without any inertia, we d be jumping from one fad to another, only to discover that the hot new thing is just a statistical anomaly, or a failure in experiment design.See the Pons cold fusion nonsense.Yes, this does sometimes mean that correct novel theories, that don t have an insurmountable body of experimental evidence behind them have a harder time getting adoption. It s a tradeoff. It s the kind of tradeoff that anyone who actually wants to get any work done is constantly making.
They leak fake secrets to suspected leakers and fire them if they show up in the news.
FPGA chip place and route would like a word with you.Also, all sorts of physics solvers for optimum configuration used in aeronautics, heat flow analysis, etc.
Some DMV employees were busted selling real IDs with fake supporting documents in Arizona.My friends daughter bought a fake ID stating that she was over 21 but only 16 - it would scan as authentic at stores but would not pass with police.
this may help
Not really. They seem fine.
I m a doctor in Australia. The current recommendation is 5 blows to the back between the scapulae followed by 5 pushes on the sternum. Alternate until they either can breathe again or pass out.Heimlich doesn t feature, but I can t say I wouldn t try it if nothing else was working.
If you give those employees 60 days of severance, you would not be in violation.
AI is just more software to manage and operate.
You re talking about processed color frames. The GP was suggesting that the camera stream the raw sensor data, which doesn t have individual color channels, just a monochrome grid with 10 or 12 bits of usable data per pixel. A bayer filter 0 is placed in front of the sensor so that a given color of light falls on each cell. The USB host would be responsible for applying a demosaicing 0 algorithm to create the color channels from the raw sensor data.If we take the AR0330 sensor used in the USB Camera C1 2 as an example, it has a native resolution of 2304H x 1296V and outputs 10 bits per native pixel after internal A-Law compression 3 for a total raw frame size of 3.56 MiB, assuming optimal packing. The corresponding image, demosaiced and downscaled to Full HD 1920x1080 , in RGB with eight bits per channel would be 5.93 MiB. 0
I have low-income friends who have no more access to health care now than they did 8 years ago. They either wade through Medicaid paperwork, or have huge deductible plans, or just have no insurance at all. I don t know what they are doing about the penalty.
SMS is the way to go until your operator swaps the SIM on your line without your approval.SMS is the way to go until you need to sign in from somewhere you don t have cellular coverage.TOTP is superior in almost every way. Failing that, sending a login link or code to the user s email address is more secure than SMS.
For open source I suppose, since GitHub being so popular makes it easier for people to contribute to your project. Still, though, the only obstacles in using Bitbucket for those purposes that I know of are that you need to sign up for a Bitbucket account and learn how to make pull requests. As far as resume code goes, I wouldn t trust an employer who thinks having code samples hosted on Bitbucket is a mark against you. There s just nothing different between GitHub and Bitbucket in that case. Or is there some other issue I m not aware of?
How about we employ construction workers and engineers to build stuff that makes America truly Great again instead of this crap about lets build better bombs
Shadow banning, hellbanning, slowbanning, error banning -- it all falls under the umbrella of gaslighting in my book.
Since upcoming changes in skill requirements for good jobs could be more rapid than in the past, we need to teach many more people how to learn faster and better.I wonder if there are startups or programs from institution with a focus on this. I am aware of a popular course Learning How to Learn on Coursera. But it seems like an app that interactively helps people to apply this sort of lessons on a concrete set of materials e.g. Finance, Cardiology, Microprocessor Design, Software Design, etc. would be even more useful.
While this project is very young and is narrow in scope, I m really excited by the somewhat parallel idea of building a good enough rosetta stone for practical computing such that one could power a programming platform with human language syntax. Imperative programming and natural writing have an overlap I think is under-appreciated -- the amount of people that could grok computer programming if programs became essays, functions became paragraphs and such is large I reckon.Has anyone seen anything like this before? This submission seems like it could be a first step, but it s not the authors goal.Somewhat more on-topic, learnxinyminutes 0 is fantastic for jogging my memory on languages I use rarely. EDIT - Oh also, I think that this kind of project could have some enterprise viability -- having private instances sharable by tech teams could make it much easier to on-board and share code snippets best practices with team-members and keep tech-debt knowledge fresh. 0
There are plenty of good alternatives for calendar contact sync servers, but I haven t seen any good, native clients that work on modern BSD or Linux desktops. Both Evolution and Thunderbird tend to be slow, clunky, glitchy, generally doing pretty poorly when put side-by-side with e.g. the built-in macOS counterparts.I m trying to use an OpenBSD laptop in parallel with a macOS desktop, and while it s perfect for coding and OK for web browsing, the rest of the desktop experience is just... not there.
Presumably, it doesn t sleep or wakes up inside a backpack. I had a 2016 XPS13 with that issue and I keep reading it still exists after all those years.
Try and get an abortion in Texas for yourself or someone you care about and let me know how those precedents and legal arguments work out for you kiddo.
I have trouble understanding the basis for articles like these. As far as it goes, asking which exercises might provide the best real-world gains is a sensible question, but the question of why a 40 yr old man wants to be able to push 235 lbs away from his chest when lying reclined is never even asked.Does he know why he wants this?From a biological perspective, a specimen might want to be able to do this to signal to potential mates that he is worthy of reproduction the reason why we do alot of the things we do that no one ever quite explains . But at age 40, this is a suspect answer... without knowing any details of his personal life it seems unlikely that he s finally looking to settle down and start a family. Besides, if he is a late bloomer, the success of his career and his paycheck matter much more than body fat percentage. A male s ability to provide benefit to a female just doesn t lean much towards the fighting off sabertooth tigers anymore, nor even in the western world towards fighting off other males .I m continually surprised how much time, effort, and money people will waste on these activities that seem devised to attract mates when they want few or no children, when they already have mates, and at times even when they have mates superior to any they re likely to acquire in the future. It s almost as if even as the desire to reproduce erodes, their desire to attract reproductive mates increases.
I wonder... is there anything like geocities anymore?I mean, I m thinking that the hosting costs would be close to zero. now, the phishing prevention... that is probably effort directly in proportion to how anonymous you let the users be, and could be quite expensive. But yeah Yahoo shuttered geocities while I was there. Is there anything analogous now?
1491 New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus documents the many superior technologies that New World civilizations had over the European invaders Cotton clothing - superior to Wool and Flax clothing that was hot, scratchy Clean cities - European streets had sewage flowing in the gutters. They were shocked at well developed urban centers with no public sewage issues Canoes - Lighter, faster, and more agile than European wooden boats Advanced Agriculture - They invented tomatoes, corn, potatoes and many more varieties that quickly became staple food in Europe Polenta, Pizza, etc in Italy and Africa sweet potatoes Populations have been chronically under estimated. Various civilizations Inca, Maya, etc probably millions of people each, which then had a 95 die off rate when exposed for the first time to European diseases. These spread virally across civilizations to areas where no Europeans had yet visited.Book was written in 2006, so I don t know what the current state of our understanding of the Americas history is.
The OPM hack is something that already happened, in the past, to files that were current at that time. It is not known to be ongoing.
Shades of this story, linked to from HN a few days ago
I m sure you re aware this isn t Reddit. Are you saying that HN has become so diluted that it s become another Reddit? But you might be right unfortunately .
Ditto here, I used to do infotainment flashing and testing. It s quite an interesting industry. These days I mostly work on sensor packages for development vehicles, so my infotainment knowledge is a bit stale.A lot of automakers leave too much to their suppliers, and take too much on faith. The testing and validation is often happy-path only, show that it is capable of functioning properly, not that s incapable of functioning improperly. Pathetic but thrifty, as long as there are no standards for these things.Mazda s gaffe here is that the boot-loop prevents the rear-view camera from working, which is a NHTSA requirement. So their courtesy replacement is an attempt to avoid the shame of a true recall, as I understand it.
The jamming cell towers are stationary and could be used as navigation aides for incoming missiles.
I also think animations are not what s making slack take so long to load.I don t think it would load any faster without the animations.
A bunch of people are pointing out the phytosanitary concerns. For mangos coming from India, they were made legal under Bush. But the problem is the Latin American market has a strong hold on the US mango market and does not want India or others to enter it. All the fibrous low quality Tommy Atkins mangos come from Latin America.USDA inspection requires the US side to place agents in the country of export to do the inspection. The US, while making it legal, never did place enough agents. My guess is this was done via lobbyists for the Latin American exporters.Also, I should point out that before covid I was able to find boxes of Alphonso mangos at some of the local Indian grocers, albeit very expensive 70- 80 .
This is a wise thing to do. I knew a guy who frequently travelled to the USA who one day got home and discovered something in his suitcase that neither he nor his partner had put in there.The question did you pack your bag? that customs officers ask is used to infer guilt. Once you answer yes to this question you are criminally liable for whatever is in the suitcase. In Australia a number of baggage handlers have been convicted of trafficking drugs. Unsuspecting tourists have also been convicted of drug trafficking and sentenced to 10 years in prisonA company makes security seals for this very purpose and markets them under the name TamperTell . They have a serial number on them and a matching receipt tab that you remove before flight then check against on arrival.
Rails could. It gives you an api for free and there are plugins gems that you could modify to fit into the semantic web.BUT, I don t think this semantic web is ever going to be achieved. Most of the big players want you to give the information to them. Sure they give you an API, but it s against the terms of service to take your data out Youtube,Facebook . I think when those barriers break we could get closer to it, but how are they going to make money?Maybe I am wrong.
Speaking of which, in this book Tom tells a story about connecting an amateur transceiver to a massive broadcast array in Hawaii
Thanks, I appreciate it
give a man a gun and he can rob a bankgive a man a bank and he can rob the world
It is called Springer translates to jumper in German. Sometimes Pferd or Ross is also used translates to horse and steed, resp. . That s why Knight s tour is called Springerproblem or Rösselsprung from Ross in German.
Just waiting on my pipe dream for an ergonomic keyboard on a laptop. badwrists.
I use Brave, with the Rewards junk, and it has maintained its speed that every other browser I ve used loses as it fills up with caches, history, extensions, etc.
As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time, or die by suicide. I hope I am over wary but if I am not, there is, even now, something of ill-omen, amongst us. lincoln
You only need a single confirmation these days. It takes 10 minutes.Source have been doing this for years.
No, APM.
We re using knex.js, so we re not messing around with database cursors we get an array of objects , and we don t have to write out the columns for inserts updates. We also sometimes use the knex query builder for super trivial selects from a single table.But for anything more complex than that e.g. SELECT queries joining several tables we re using knex.raw so the query itself is raw SQL where we re very much thinking in the relational model rather than in terms of objects.
I agree. I d like to see search functionality added too. It just doesn t make a lot of sense, in my eyes, to not have it on a site like this. It would be infinitely useful on so many different levels.
The price of bitcoin should generally not be considered newsworthy. There is no underlying value there, and engaging in this weird distributed Ponzi scheme is harmful to society. We can all do our part to help make it irrelevant by ignoring it completely, or maybe engaging in thoughtful conversations with the people who have been misled into thinking that this is a reasonable investment .
Or the VPS provider s ISP.
Yeah these statements are always so benevolent, with the patronising undertone of this is for your own good, for a better experience .SMH
My T430s is still going strong.
May I ask why, since there are usually many expats and often locals who speak English fluently in most countries around the world?What are the benefits of restricting distribution and thus market penetration? I m curious both as a user and a fellow startup entrepreneur.
Thanks, I ll give it a look when I have time. There s certainly a lot of embeddable lisps due to their simplicity, but I ve never really given any serious consideration.
Yes, but in that situation they re still allowed to have reddit in the name. It seems like using docker at all in the repo name is forbidden.
Male swans are larger than female swans. This doesn t mean that all male swans are larger than all female swans. But it s a masculine trait.So it depends on definition here right. The trait taller is masculine with respect to female swans. But Height, is not something that women do not have.Dutch people are taller than the rest of the planet, that does not make Dutch women more masculine than American men. hence my point that something that is masculine cannot be defined as something women do not have.
Total health expenditures have skyrocketed 1 along with the amount of hospital administrators 2 over the last few decades. This particular hospital is unlikely to have escaped the trend. 1
The scale, ease, speed and reach of the tools for media manipulation in 2019 is very scary compared to those in the past. And it is only going to get worse. Russia is said to have spent very little money in meddling with other countries elections using the media, for a fantastic ROI. This wasn t possible in the past.
All macro systems are consistent with blown up versions of quantum systems. Chemistry, then biology. Whats left?
First, there is the information asymmetry. Second, there is the incentive structure created by that conflict of interest, even in a situation where the clients had perfect information.
Smalltalk is that extremely rare case of software that it makes coding just flow, with no interruptions and no small annoyances. We call this style of coding Live Coding and its definetly the biggest reason to try smalltalk and even more try Pharo. These couple of sentences give the reason that made me persist with Smalltalk Pharo mostly . For those of you who come from, say Python, Java, C ..., this may be unsettling at first. The way you use the debugger to point you in the right direction and keep working without stopping. It feels all wrong in other, more pedestrian languages.
Title should read 3080 TI. 2080 was last generation.
NSFW warning.. there s a catheter penis combo.
Does it work with later versions of MzScheme or Racket?
...it does send a strong message to our and other governments...It also increases security for users.
It would be good if anyone could review the source code of any program they are using.
My guess is that you consider yourself to be a part of that select group of aware individuals. How extremely human of you.
Why are So Many of the Words in This Comment Capitalised? Is it a Title of Something?
Yeah I feel like maybe some irony or humor is being lost too. Do we really think whoever named it corium was proposing an official name to be taken with seriousness and reverence? Probably it was a joke that started with its rhyming with thorium. Something on a par with unobtainium. If a writer were to reverently and carefully explain that so-and-so s custom racing bike is made of unobtainium, the most expensive substance known to man, I d be like, you missed the joke buddy!
Facebook will acquire and own the next social network. They have Instagram, Whatsapp and tbh already. Facebook.com is just the older network and 1 shell of the entire Facebook machine.
Cool. So what? The free market will figure it out.You don t have a right to third parties providing you money making schemes for your home that meet your standards alone. They are free to interpose their own conditions, fees, etc.In many places AirBnB renters are openly flouting the law in listing their property in the first place. My sympathies for them not having sufficient platforms on which to do so without companies gall in trying to ensure non-discrimination is virtually zero.
Path looks like you take pictures, tag title share them, and the idea is to show your Path through life? He s scrolling through encounters with the girl he s about to propose to.
Rust is working on doing it That s interesting. Is this still MIR 1 , or has this evolved? The MIR design document is from 2015. 1
My favorite browser?Ability to set ceiling for memory usage and bandwidth per tab. It has traditional boxy 1990 s style design, a traditional File, Edit, etc., none of this hamburger menu crap. It suspends or kills background tabs.An empty browser uses 1MB of memory or less. A full browser never uses more than 256MB of memory.In addition to JavaScript, it supports a compiled language out of the box, like Java, but open source, secure, and non-bloated.It has skinny goggles which let you trim the fat from webpages, removing unnecessary CPU, bandwidth and memory usage while keeping the site readable.Audio and video content is blocked in each tab until you specifically allow it.
As sbisker said, the last round investors had preference protection in the form of a ratchet i.e. they got some multiple of their shares because the IPO came in under a certain price . EquityZen seems to have updated their piece
That is exactly what happened. And the QA person used the same printer. In that scenario I might not notice either.
Lazy reader is precisely the audience for scientific papers.That s the gist of the crisis science has been having of late The popular meme for a long time was that it was just non-scientists who would misinterpret the research. Recently, it has become clear that misinterpreting papers also rampant among trained scientists, to the extent that entire fields are being shown to be houses of cards.
Oh certainly, but that is kind of my point. The KWh seems way too low if that is installed cost. But the levelized cost of energy at the end actually seems pretty reasonable.That means I don t understand where the KWh of installed capacity comes from.
Try searching for something
It feels so suboptimal to need the C toolchain to do things, but having no solid way to depend on it as a non-C library especially annoying in Rust, which insists on building everything from source and never installing libraries globally .I make a tool library that requires the C toolchain at runtime. That s even worse than build time, I need end users to have things like lld, objdump, ranlib, etc installed anywhere they use it. My options are essentially - Requiring users to just figure it out with their system package manager- Building the C toolchain from source at build time and statically linking it so you get to spend an hour or two recompiling all of LLVM each time you update or clear your package cache! Awesome! ,- Building just LLD objdump .. at build-time but user still need to install LLVM. So you get both slow installs AND have to deal with finding a compatible copy of libLLVM ,- Pre-compiling all the C tools and putting them in a storage bucket somewhere, for all architectures and all OS versions. But then not have support when things like the M1 or new OS versions right away, or people on uncommon OSes. And now need to maintain a build machine for all of these myself.- Pre-compile the whole C toolchain to WASM, build Wasmtime from source instead, and just eat the cost of Cranelift running LLVM 5-10x slower than natively...I keep trying to work around the C toolchain, but I still can t see any very good solution that doesn t make my users have extra problems one way or another.Hey RiiR evangelism people, anyone want to tackle all of LLVM? .. no? No one?
Thanks for the link!
While git itself is open source, almost nothing else that Github does is open.This makes it sound like Github develops and open sources git, which it doesn t. They just built on top of it and have no control over the roadmap.
Well, if you re talking about vanilla WordPress, the article doesn t make any sense. Vanilla WordPress is completely free. There are no fees for adding different fonts or any of the other things you say you were charged for. So if it s not a managed service charging you those fees, where are they coming from?
Q4 to Q1 revenue always drops due to seasonality in advertising.
Could you use T-Mobile s DIGITS and apply that to the watch?
That sounds plausible, though I thought any power running through it would ve caused it to burn out. I was actually going to do a full disassembly with a mate of mine who was an EE, but never got round to it. We attempted to do it with my iPhone which was dunked into a toilet in an unrelated incident , but even cleaning everything with isopropyl alcohol it wouldn t work. I didn t hold high hopes for the MacBook.And no, water damage wasn t covered by warranty, but it was out of warranty anyhow. I just didn t want to pay another 2K for a MacBook Air maxed out specs at the time .
I think his point was that it s not really very much of the functional code. It s basically the little piece that pulls in whatever s appropriate for each page. The libraries might have 50k LOC while the individual pages are a few dozen lines.
It s a trade secrets case, not a patent case. Trade secrets are the lesser-known 4th kind of IP after patents, copyrights, and trademarks.Here s the actual complaint
I d disagree on one thing - the NZ censor hasn t always done a decent job - the 60s 70s 80s were a time when there was a lot of tension in NZ society between the censor and some of the more liberal members of society, student capping mags used to be bulk confiscated.That balance does seem to have mostly been made in a way that most people are comfortable with these days the proctor of Otago University being a gross exception
I really always wanted to talk to leaders within tech about what they are doing in innovation but also about their visions on the future so I started a podcast!More episodes are rapidly coming through and I would like to know what you guys think.
what makes Facebook specialIn your scenario they seem to be the place other people are discovering and downloading the PDF from. Perhaps gathering together to discuss whatever is in the PDF and reinforce each other s beliefs about the content. This could of course be done with a website blog forums but the reach of Facebook is of course immense, global and pervasive in pretty much every country. So Facebook is different because of its scale, network effect and ease of discoverability. The last issue with Facebook I would point out is that due to its corporate structure and size Facebook is only accountable to Mark Zuckerberg, and Mark Zuckerberg is accountable to no one.I think the real issue facing society is that Facebook will always err on the side of user engagement unless forced to behave otherwise. If Facebook was really just about connecting people which I take to be innocuous communication between users and sharing pictures of kids pets etc. then they would have to strip out the features that allow their worst communities to form and operate. But Facebook knows that crazy grandparents sharing conspiracy theories and racist drivel drives engagement and so that content largely remains. It s up to our societies to solve this problem, because history has shown that Facebook will only do the right thing when forced to.
That usage would have been fine for the title regardless. Treating data as a plural noun is annoyingly clumsy and should only be done if you re actually considering individual datums and need to refer to the whole. We don t treat information as plural, don t do this to data either.
I love the serendipitousness of HN, this link is currently the next one down from this bad idea.
Conditional Get Requests offer an easy and potentially powerful way to improve the response times for a given endpoint
Presumably, neutrum in Germanic languages comes from Proto-Indoeuropean, just like in Slavic languages or indeed Latin itself. Is there any reason to believe that it came to modern German by way of Latin?
Lest anyone mistakenly believe this has anything to do with the public interest exhibit A Mr. Thiel, in a keynote speech Sunday at the National Conservatism Conferenceexhibit B
I m wondering about platform limitations. A web browser doesn t actually let you listen on an arbitrary socket, so how does that work?The supposed specification is more of an API reference and I don t really trust it to tell the developer what you can really do that works well on all platforms. It doesn t document platform-specific limitations, but I don t see it documented anywhere else either.I also wonder about copying Unix semantics for fork and exec in a supposedly platform-independent spec. It seems like that won t work equally well everywhere.
This is really no different than a cookie - basically the same mechanism from the view of the server just different semantics.
Tipping is supposed to be for exceptional service.For example, if the wait person takes your order and brings your food and nothing more I wouldn t tip.If they do the above and keep your water glass filled constantly without need to ask, if your meal, drink orders and dessert come out promptly and correctly, if they ask if everything is ok throuought the meal at appropriate times, etc I would tip.Getting good service is starting to get hard to find. Some waitstaff are really good some hate their job and really don t care about the experience you have at the establishment you are in. It s just a job.Also I ve worked in kitchens, I know what douche nozzles customers can be. That s when you can see who your best wait staff is. During times they have to deal with them.
I am interested in applying to one of those programs, but I d like to know approximate refusal rate to estimate if the effort of applying is worth it. As a technical person with a prototype, that is already useful for some business usecases but needs lots of polishing before the final release I find it hard to find a specific grant matching my project, and need some guidance on following the expected application procedure.It also looks like the entire process could be streamlined. While there is a tutorial linked here , a simple wizard walking through the entire process would make me much more eager to go with it.
Rental cars, since they re driven more heavily than personal vehicles, require more maintenance. My guess it that Hertz did not make the investment in the repair infrastructure batteries, brakes, electrical that was needed to support 100,000 vehicles
Context is everything. It s unfair to judge someone in such a harsh manner. Your anecdotal observations are just that anecdotal observations.People with a manic depressive disorder can have both great highs and deep lows at different periods.We should be tolerant of everyone as much as we can.
I assume you meant to ask how to build and not how to write , since writing the Objective-C code is trivial since it s all just AppKit and there s documentation on Apple s website for that.Building for both GNUstep and macOS is difficult. The problem is, macOS wants you to use Xcode and GNUstep wants you to use their weird build system. In order to build software that is compatible with both GNUstep and macOS you will either need need to have two parallel build systems one GNUmakefile and one Xcode project or use a custom build system.Personally I think GNUstep s build system is stupid, and I don t like using Xcode, so I lean more towards a custom build system. Sounds insane I know but it really isn t that bad. Compiling and running a Cocoa application on macOS pretty much boils down to this clang main.m -framework Cocoa . a.out I don t remember how to do it for GNUstep. It s been a few years. Their GNUmakefile thing is REALLY weird, they have all these Makefile macros you need to import and they try to abstract all of this stuff away. Using Makefile macros. It s horrible. I asked ChatGPT and it generated this include GNUSTEP_MAKEFILES common.make APP_NAME YourAppName YourAppName_OBJC_FILES main.m YourAppClass.m YourAppName_RESOURCE_FILES Info-gnustep.plist include GNUSTEP_MAKEFILES application.make I would make a basic GNUmakefile, then run it with V 1 or VERBOSE 1 ? i forgot the name of the environment variable to get the actual terminal commands its running, extract those, put those in your one-liner custom build script and be done with it
The Constitution does not say that war must be declared for the armed forces to operate.It does. Armed forces killing people is a state of war. If not, it s policing then it s under the judiciary authority, not the president.
Prime Video xyz 4K UHD 4K is not available when using a computer HD is not available because you re not using Windowswhen using Windows HD is not available because you don t have HDCPGraphics driver begs to differ.Prime SD is usually somewhere between 240p and 320p, HD looks like a decently encoded 720p file. Never seen it but I m guessing 4K might actually approach the quality of a 2007 Blu-Ray.
iPods grew in feature set as much as iPhones have... they added cameras, video, color screens, and FM radio over the product lifecycle.
You keep saying not something that free societies do as though that phrase in itself has meaning, but fail to explain why. From a socialist s pov putting a profitable industry in the domain of _everyone_ and sharing the profits is freeing capital from the few and providing an more equal share to all. It s not capitalism but that does not mean it isn t freedom .What is freedom ? Market competition The way Amazon, Uber etc have been set up, using hundreds of millions in investment, able to operate against smaller competitors for literally years without breaking even until the opposition is crushed and consumers are herded into being customers... is that freedom? Maybe for the already established wealthy. For everyone else it s an unfair advantage. There is no freedom for the average Joe to start a publishing an distribution powerhouseI agree it s a terrible idea to nationalize these companies, but citing freedom as the reason why is not why it s a bad idea. It s a bad idea because it would lead to excessive bureaucracy, higher prices and is unlikely to benefit the competition much. It might help governments get those companies to pay some tax though.
My favourite part of this is that actually deleting the file is a TODO item.
We regulate foreign companies that do business in the US in other markets, what makes this one special?If we actually care about surveillance by App, we have to make rules that can prevent that including requiring levels of access and transparency to enforce those rules.Of course, there is little appetite for making those rules... But that doesn t mean that such rules are impossible.
Yes. I find jitsi one-on-one audio call is better than zoom. Screenshare is equivalent to skype if you set the fps to 15. zoom is better for videos if it involve large number of users.
this must be sarcasm, right?
I picked nginx as my default webserver, although I hear Apache is also good. In my opinion when you have choice, get to know all the options within reason . I have Apache as my default, purely because nginx didn t exist for many years. When nginx turned up, I gave it a while to calm down and now I deploy it quite often. I deploy something like 75 Apache and 25 nginx.I tend to Apache from inertia but I quite like the clean easy setup for a simplish site with nginx - this is with Debian Ubuntu style defaults, which do not favour nginx.
Acoustic vibration can have surprising effects. Brendon Gregg did a demonstration of it affecting storage array performance. He literally yells at a disk array and shows measured latency spikes.
See also Monkey Points
Full democratization decentralization of engineering decisions is how you get into a quagmire of technical debt that can eventually kill your engineering teams. Some decisions need to be made by a group that is accountable overall to the health of the technical implementation. Like you can t be letting people use 5 different message bus solutions and expect your devops support people to manage all of them effectively. Someone has to maintain sanity.
If each LISP team is using their own DSLLisp already comes with several different DSL built-in object-system CLOS format strings with control structures LOOP If one programs in a language with flexible syntax, then a programmer has to learn how to deal with that what a the basic language extension patterns? how can one debug it? what a typical pitfalls? what is good design? how to document them? how to present syntax errors to the user? Language extension suddenly is a developer activity and not a language designer activity.Much of the stuff in the Java-world, which has used DSLs with different syntax like being based on XML , can be done directly in Lisp.A Lisp team will need to learn how to deal with that. There are Lisp code-bases which have been maintained for decades. Even the SBCL compiler, which is written in Lisp, has its roots in code from the 80s the Python compiler of CMUCL - unrelated to the later language Python .Macros make things more complex, but the fear that macros make team programming or development of long-living code impossible is just wrong.
All of the above. You should be ready to answer standard ds alg whiteboard questions, have a strong grasp of JavaScript, and be ready to answer system design questions related to client side development.
I started writing a daily journal with obsidian, which has a lot of this information. It s all in a private repo on GitHub and is mirror on my home NAS. I actually keep two daily journal one for personal and one for work.I keep is simple, three main section s. A morning section where I write what I need to do that day, what happened already, what s going on in my brain.A evening section listing what I got done that day, and what s going on in my brain.The third section is technically the first . Which is a reflection on yesterday after a full night sleep. What I did wrong, what I need to improve on, etc.A small section in which I include excerpts from my task lists for personal or work. A small section with generic daily goals like For god sakes comment your code .Another small section I call daily avoidance which is stuff I want to avoid, like Working through lunch basically bad habits, etc.The reflection part I use as an outlet to write about what worked didn t work in achieving those goals, avoiding the bad habits or any other thoughts I had about yesterday or yesterdays work.I keep both as strictly separate, I don t write about work in the personal one unless it s because I had a issue that caused a strong reaction. I.e Argument with co-worker. The work one doesn t have personal stuff in it and is mostly talking about the projects or idea s I had.Most of them are less the 100 average is less then 75 lines, with about 2 dozen or so markdown formatting.
My house, from the 1970s, has 100 aluminum wiring. I bought special connectors to connect copper wires to aluminum wires for extra safety when I put new outlets and switches in, as there is a fire concern when the connections are not done properly.
Max Howell should go to a few conferences, introduce himself under another name, and bring up brew. I d guess after half a dozen encounters he d stop incessantly bragging about being the creator of brew.I share your opinion of the technical execution of Homebrew probably anyone with a deep Linux background would. But I think Howell is well aware of those deficiencies by now and many may even have been clear to him at the start .I also think that it s worthwhile for us haters to take seriously what Homebrew gets right, and that means admitting that it s a tool that many, many people have experienced as pleasant and useful. The tidy subcommand interface, relative simplicity, choice of popular trendy tools Ruby, at the time of Homebrew s creation , inviting and consistent if controversial use of metaphor, and playful tone small jokes on the docs, use of emoji in CLI output , are all things that have proven to make a real difference in Homebrew s success. None of those speak to package management fundamentals, but they re real strengths and they are visible to all users of Homebrew right away, whether they know much about package management or not.I feel you about being basically forced to use Homebrew, though. That sucks. It s frustrating to feel hampered by the tools your team uses when you know there are better ones out there but you just can t reverse the team s inertia.
No not in the last decade. It s probably such a remote use case nowadays that it hasnt got any recent attention, if someone needs to forward me something like a picture or PDF then they typically use email, whatsapp, lineapp, signal, dropbox, gdrive etc... I think it must of been 10 years since I had my phone with bluetooth discover-me on and anyone actually tried to beam me something. Bluetooth, to me nowadays, is just something to connect to my airpods but that s largely invisible so I wouldn t noticed if they changed to something other than bluetooth
Kind of a great quote by Altman there
Did everyone else have that one teacher who could draw a perfect circle in one sweeping motion on a chalkboard?
Observation of friends, co-workers, family, and the general public?
When I was In New York City public grade school 1992 3 there was a similar system. It added the so called top classes for higher ability students and special education classes for lower ability students. These students were called tops and speds respectively with sped being a pejorative term. All that system did was pile every student with behavioral problems in special ed and all the kids who parents were on the school board in tops classes. Everyone else just went to class.
Canvas is a bitmap drawing field. The browser actually has to do less work with fade turned off, and performance won t degrade with time running.
I d disagree with this.Primarily been developing with Clojure for 5 years now with some pretty large codebases. It does depend on how you write your code but favoring pure functions, pushing immutability to the edges of your programs allows you to refactor without fear.Clojure also has many things to aid in this such as pre post conditions, clojure.spec which allows you to build complex type definitions , and of course test.check property based testing .
Note very few, if any, of these examples failed because someone on the team didn t pass a coding test. Next time you interview someone remember bad code could bring your project down, but there are 9 other factors that are more likely to bring your project down.
If git supported large files well you d still have that problem Github is just not interested in becoming an hosting provider for such files.And while LFS is certainly a hack, being separate is actually an advantage here PistonDevelopers could host their own LFS server while continuing to use Github for their development, whereas if it was integrated they would be forced to pay GH or move out.That said, I prefer git-annex to LFS, since it doesn t need a custom server you can just use a dumb file server rsync, webdav, S3, etc , with all the metadata being synced over the git repo.
Thank you for your correction very interesting info. I overly generalized the matter as of one societal changes that led to class mobility.
They are aware of the issue. There is a long discussion of it in the linked pull request comments.My interpretation is that they do not see this application as important enough to take into account in their updates. This is a perfectly valid stance, and they are the developers doing the work I just don t agree with it.
LOL - I resemble that comment - Black T-shirt and all -D
Recommended for Windows 10 users, although you may want to review every change carefully.
I don t think the statement reflects their full reasoning when you consider the context of how they had been putting out other statements about why they weren t banning him.
The standard you ve laid out proposes that any statement about a man s experience in a relationship is by definition misogynistic, because it s centers the man and, of course, erases women . Do you stand by that?Additionally, consider that you are the one bringing the nagging wife trope into this it s merely one of many possibile explanations and unhappy marriage.
If your question is How many times in January is there going to be a code release of jQuery then the answer is only twice jQuery 1.4 and 1.4.1. However we ve also released the 14 Days of jQuery jquery14.com , jQuery.org, the new jQuery Forum forum.jquery.com , and the new jQuery API browser api.jquery.com . Today we re releasing jQuery Meetups and tomorrow is jQuery UI 1.8. And none of that is counting the oodles of videos that we ve uploaded as well.You can see more of the details about the releases here also have a whole bunch slated for post-January, you ll be hearing a lot more for sure.
I think a presenter is required.
No, travel costs 500- 1000 per monthIf you re careful, travelling can be even cheaper. I went travelling through Vietnam, China, Mongolia and Russia on my own this year and probably spent 10 a day, and that includes food, accommodation and travel. If you re young, stay in decent hostels and never fly.Take the train everywhere and even if you don t speak the same language, people are incredibly friendly and generous. One of my best memories was drinking vodka with a group of Russian soldiers whilst on the Trans-Siberian. - People don t hate Americans This is totally true, even in some countries you might think differently e.g. Vietnam . Some of the funniest and best people to be around when I was travelling were from America.
The reporter is right, and we re wrong. The question the article is answering is Are Google s self-driving cars ready? The article explains in general-interest terms why they re not.You or I might be tempted to buy that exact car today as a beta, knowing that we d have to tweak a lot of things, but a I don t want to drive in a world where your beta car with your rooted ROMs is driving around and you definitely don t want to drive on the same streets as my inexperly-rooted ROMS, trust me b the grandparent comment is underestimating the work involved in micro-mapping all of the possible routes, let alone the vast array of possible interactions between other vehicles, humans, animals, new road hazards, weather, etc. all mixed together.I m sure it s going to be a few years. Maybe more than a few. But that s okay with me. The stakes are pretty high for two-ton hunks of metal moving at 60 mph. This is something we all definitely want them to get as close to correct as humanly possible before it s available to consumers.
The topic is so brutal I feel bad pointing out how artistic they made it render in mobile. I m so used to short articles now that I kept getting surprised by each step they took in actually doing research. Great job all around.
WSL is not native. You don t get native perfomance for especially disk reads
Liked those. Plus his reading of Sherlock Holmes.
A truly RESTful API is essentially just a database.Not sure where you get that from. A truly RESTful API describes resources and their state changes via media types and URLs and the use of a limited number of verbs for transferring those state changes over the API.People like to map REST to CRUD because GET looks like a SELECT, POST looks like an INSERT, PUT looks like an UPDATE and DELETE looks like a DELETE.But there s nothing set in stone about those mappings.An API can represent their resources however they like and use the appropriate links to URLs to represent the state changes. What the underlying persistent storage is if any is irrelevant.
Being good at business means ensuring you re not being ripped off on labor costs. We ve come full circle.
A Programmer s PerspectiveI m a programmer too but I don t share that perspective.In my line of work, AVX512 is useless. This won t change until at least 25 market penetration on clients, which may or may not happen.Not all programmers are writing server code. Also, very small count of them are Intel partners with early access to the chips. In AVX terminology, intra-lane movement is called a shuffle while inter-lane movement is called a permute I don t believe that s true. _mm_shuffle_ps x, x, imm and _mm_permute_ps x, imm are 100 equivalent. Also, _mm256_permute_ps permutes within lanes, _mm256_permutevar8x32_ps permutes across lanes.
why ocaml instead
Banks got into it because the government was guaranteeing it.Make a loan, collect the fee, dump the junk on the tax payer.Government enabled and subsidized this. And still does. Home loan deductions, anybody?We didn t have to bail them out . We should have let them go chapter 11. Plenty of folks with responsible finances could have bought up the assets.
The title is meant to be provocative clickbait. Most women I know will have the ability to choose jobs without being put off by messaging just as well as anyone else.
That make me think that maybe the mindset of well defined music genres coupled with fashion that is the staple of many publications Pitchfork, Vice, ... is just becoming obsolete with the fluid environment of today.
Why would Erlang be good for SQL relational databases?
Sort of like these Dark Star - Bomb Philosophy- the conclusion Dark Star - let there be light -
100 , it makes it easy for bad programmers to write bad performing queries, but you can easily write performant code. Btw that s a feature - letting people ramp up to full db knowledge is beneficial, you don t want to be spending your time writing performant queries before you need to.
You get April 30. Idk about all libraries, but date-fns and few others I worked with do it right.Also, if you add one month to Apr 30 and two months to Mar 31, you ll see that month addition is not commutative-y and one should operate on distances from a base date, not in an incremental way.
Do it ancient Rome style. Send the Senate with the troops
Cool! We re still trying to figure out what to do with our last embryo. We ve been told that they have too many embryos for science in California, and they can t cross state lines, so they are throwing away the donations.We re still not sure if we want to try and use it ourselves although the time for that is quickly going away or give it to someone we know who wants it, or giving it to a stranger. Giving it to a stranger just feels odd to me, but at the same time I d really like to see the results of nature vs nurture...
Offline messages with IRC is a bit of a pain to set up and scale easily.
In a class room setting sure, but in every day conversation, no. Not on the West Coast of the United States. Kurt Cobain made the distinction and didn t think fish had feelings And the animals I ve trapped Have all become my pets And I m living off of grass And the drippings from my ceiling It s okay to eat fish Cause they don t have any feelings - Something in the way Could you give me some samples of how you and your friends refer to fish as animals?
Could you tell me what claims in my post were incorrect? So far nobody at Google has disputed them, just pointed out that they don t activate sync which my blog post already stipulates.
They added an Export button a while ago, so you can now download the original image.
Or maybe the one who answered just tried googling for an increasing sequence of those numbers. You can try by yourself to see if it works.
If you feel need to argue you are not winning
Collective nouns are very confusing.When a Sheriff calls a group of people together, its a posse. But when a group of Representatives come together, its a congress. When people are advising the President, its a cabinet.But in other situations, people can be a mob... but not to be confused with THE mob which is apparently a different group of people all together . While mob has negative connotations, Flash Mobs are generally positive.When people are organized into a military group it can be a squad, brigade, division, corps, or army. You d think it d be correlated to size, but the proper term seems inconsistent and not really properly defined.
That s not going to stop the bank from giving you a negative balance and sending you to a collections agency.
Here s something for HN ers to ponder.Jeff Bezos published the reply to Mr Pecker s sex photos on Twitter 1 and Medium 2 instead of his own platform. He does own his own domain jeffbezos.com as of 2011 .I d love to hear HN readers theories on why he used someone else s platform.Let s lay out the factors we know that would favor JB using his own platform Obviously, JB is not a technology or internet luddite. He earned degrees in electrical engineering and computer science from Princeton University. He s probably seen HTML before so he could bang out a static page as a url such as www.jeffbezos.com MyReplyToMrPecker.htm or use any web authoring tool. But, he s also a busy guy because he runs Amazon so he doesn t have the time to do that himself. Therefore, he could simply pay anybody with sysadmin skills to put the text on his website. He s worth 160 billion so he can afford the staff. He also can afford the bandwidth costs to avoid the 404 errors that alwaysownyourplatform.com is having from the HN-hug-of-death.So we are left with 2 possibilities 1. Jeff Bezos is actually stupid and ignorant about the dangers of platforms like Medium and he needs to be lectured by Sean Blanda author of alwaysownyourplatform.com or2. He already understands Sean Blanda s point and in fact can display the ultimate flex of I already own my own platforms which includes AWS and the Washington Post. And yet, JB posted on Twitter Medium. He didn t even bother with the POSSE 3 advice. Why?Does JB s reasons possibly overlap with others reasons for using someone else s platform? 1
In this particular case I agree with you. But how would you write this into a law that citizens and police can reference to determine whether a particular action is ok or not?
Birds can t sing for shit. When s the last time a birdsong got stuck in your head?
It s just a small fraction of the time you get a near miss or an actual injury.We re taught to value the entire lifecycle of our work, at least in my field. For example, rushing to finish a steering maintenance on a large tanker truck could mean your friend gets his thumbs crushed under a pry bar, or it could mean hundreds of fatalities as the poor job you did caused the tanker to collide with a shopping center.A missing cotter pin or a failed motor ground could easily injure dozens, or even kill them, on a large enough escalator.
At what point does the founder get shares of the new class?
Partisanship. There are no electoral consequences to moving on. So long as corporate interests have us focused on voting eligibility and who can have sex with whom, and whether there can be an abortion afterwards, no one is gonna vote based on this.
Neither is unlimited leisure. I m proposing the former in place of the latter.
The Holy Grail of POSIX-portable shell scripts is irrelevant these days. Just use bash which is the default on most nix systems.
This is probably because I m on NixOS but I have never used nix-env to install anything.I use nix-shell to test out a package, or use one that I only need temporarily.If I need a package for a particular build then it gets added to my config files, and I rebuild switch.If I don t want that package anymore, then I remove it from my config and do another rebuild.I ve never really understood the use case for nix-env.
Using finger printing for fraud detection would only catch someone using different cards on the same machine.In this context the goal of fingerprinting is to detect requests coming from an attacker. It does not care about the ability to distinguish between individual machines. Once a card is deemed stolen it stops working so it s unnecessary for that scenario.The whole point of automating it is so you can cash out many stolen credit cards. If you only have one you might as well do it manually. Increasing that price means few customers lower revenueMaking more revenue doesn t matter if that extra revenue ends up getting eaten by chargebacks.
I have worked with people who do say I don t know
If you are like me, then the answer is bandwidth. Alot of plans only have 500Megs per month of data. I m looking at plans in CanadaIf each song takes 5 Megs then I can stream 100 songs a month if I don t use any additional bandwidth.Additionally I can t listen to this music during my subway commute into work, which is my primary music listening time.
I seem to recall them talking about it as a whole? Maybe I just received the northern targeted sales pitch.
This is especially tough because of how much skill it takes for you the questioner to not make the other person feel stupid when they realize they can t answer your questions.
Not everyone who does this was in a CS Program. When I learned about them, I went with a lock-free model for my own project because semaphores seemed to add more complexity than they solved. I can understand the author s desire not to use them.
So what s the problem? If you think ad-supported sites aren t worth visiting then don t.
This mismatch or risks is also what get s VC s and founders into trouble many times. They can both agree on what the risk is of not selling and come to correct but opposite decisions. What is too risky for the founder is just right for the VC. One of the solutions to this is letting a founder take some money off the table. This would align risk tolerance, but could also take some fire out of the founder s belly.Selling certainly is a very tough decision and I think DHH may have oversimplified to make a point.
I ve heard good things about Khan Academy s app for little kids. We didn t use it since our kid was older by the time we started, but we ve gotten a lot of mileage out of the regular Khan Academy app, starting around age 5. Both are free!
Yes. Agree, but only if you also remove Section 230 that provides immunity from civil liabilities for such businesses making business decisions.
In Crossplane, we have a similar notion for your apps deployed to Kubernetes. Platform builders would define the schema definitions for their API and then they would create several Composition objects, each representing a different way of satisfying the same API. Then app developers include a claim YAML together with their artifact. The Composition to be chosen is decided via selectors or by platform builder.This way you can include generic AcmeMySQLInstance think of it as interface in Golang or protocol in other languages and then one of the Compositions is selected to satisfy this requirement AWSRDSInstance , AzureSQLServer or GCPCloudInstance or some in-house configuration. The protocol between app dev and builder is the schema and the credential object Secret that is being published.See details in docs I m one of Crossplane maintainers.
SM7BYes. Use it for anything vocal.
Not really. Its a U.S thing.
Well the fearmongering prevents anyone from questioning the corruption, among other things.Also, I wonder how much the constantly moving goalposts, dishonesty regarding vaccines and politicising vaccines has fed the anti-vaxx movement?I got vaccinated because the evidence suggests it seems to work, but you ve got politicians lying about its effectiveness, signing secret contracts, moving goalposts, all the while shaming those who are hesitant while giving no one any reason to actually trust them the politicians that is .Trudeau s top doctor at various points said there s no evidence that Covid transmits from person to person when it was already clear it does , that it s not a concern, that masks don t work, and she s still the top doctor advising him... It s been a complete shitshow.
We stop calling the useful ones DSLs so this is a truism.Bingo!Lua was born as a DSL for configuration files. Today is way more than that.JSON was born as a DSL for describing data, a less verbose alternative to XML. It is more than that.
Are we talking about Europe where you are free to live where you want? If people are living in France it s just that it s cheaper nobody is prevented to live in Switzerland. The main problem arise when the janitor working in SwitzerlanD is getting 3x the salary of the high school tacher in nearby France. Btw Zurich where the cost of living is higher is far away from any border....
I know very well about the frustrating action on the internet where if you use Hitler for an extreme example of anything to make the point clear, someone s going to link Godwin s law.
I hate to break it to you but pretty much everything is a hydrocarbon.Natural gas and petroleum are about as similar as the hydrocarbons of corn and cherries.
Countries at very low levels of what we d consider civilization.Industrialized.
I wonder how much simpler our browsers could be if we didn t have to worry about rendering and styling this breed of dated spec-breaking insanity.
Somebody should pick up that idea and create a site like stack overflow but that doesn t discourage discusssion or reward destroying useful knowledge.
You are making two assumptions here 1. More hash functions equals more security hash encapsulation 2. The attacker wants to know the content of m H0 H1 m has the security of just H0. Hashes are not made to protect the content of m, but instead made to test the integrity of m. As such, a flaw in H0 will break the security guarantee, no matter how secure H1 is.Practically, H0 H1 m is the same as H0 m , as m is just some data, and the result of H1 can be seen as some data .If your construction is H0 m0 H1 m1 where m0, m1 are both halves of m, then the overall security is reduced to the weakest hash function. For example, a length extension attack in the weakest hash function breaks the overall integrity of the construction.
I m surprised that you are 50 and are saying 15-20 has always been the standard for sit down full service. I am 40 and distinctly remember when it was 10 .I m 40 , and when I was in elementary school, pretty much every source I encountered was consistent with 15 as the norm, 20 as a reward for exceptional service, 10 as a signal for tolerable but substandard service, and anything lower as a signal of abysmal service and I m only tipping to let you know that I did not forget about the tip to avoid ambiguity.
Maybe you should try a language where people get a lot of work done in the day to day ? E.g Python, Go...It seems crazy to me someone who code in Scala, now loves Rust. Brains are really something else
Here s some context I m not sure if it s a bad software, but there was some packages that I have no idea about, definitely not from Google.
You might want to investigate what others are doing to ensure a way forward for legacy X WMs on Wayland. Here s one I have bookmarked, mentioned in another HN thread recently
Good for you. Someone dear to me finds it extremely hurtful, which is why I commented.Also, I think the Kevin meme originally came from a comedy. The connotations aren t quite as nasty and serious as the Karen ones.But there are definitely other very negative name memes. I don t like any of it, but I fully accept that people can feel differently about it.
That is pretty messed up that the USPTO granted Amazon a patent for what Opera was doing decades ago.
Engineers solve problems all the time either through experiment or applied science. Their goal is to make progress on the immediate project. Writing about it would be a sidetrack.
It s a bit hard condensate the concept in an HN comment but I ll try - the Green new deal, originally have imagined with a classic managerial fallacy a world made up by single-family homes in places with enough Sun for p.v., BEVs, a little need to move and no industries. Perhaps because this is the way some manager s live and they call it sobriety respect of others who do differently. Than they discover people s in crowd then to behave in stupid ways, like Le Bon describe in his masterpiece BUT not that stupid so grid-connected p.v. without stationary and or on-wheel storage because cutting electricity bill with p.v. for a significant amount of locations on earth pay back, the rest do not. As a result electricity grids are more and more unstable. Keeping the frequency is always hard and we have chosen to made large enough grids to have a slowly changing mean load slow enough that big power plants can keep up the frequency when p.v eolic start to be big enough the power peaks they produce make s the grid frequency skyrocket or fall too fast for large power plants to lower step up their generator power. Not counting the fact that most people do not live in single-family homes where a p.v. system and an on-wheel battery can live with - some politicians who have blindly follow the initial vague dream have decided the answer is reduce energy consumption and have even invented ways to reduce it who actually increase the amount of consumed energy like regulating how many hour to run the heating vs let the system run quietly 24 7 - since most people DO NOT live on nor have p.v. anyway most home appliance are NOT designed to maximize self consumption witch means run full power as quick as possible when energy from the Sun is available vs try to spread the load as much as possible to keep the grid load as stable as possible. As a result most p.v. systems instead of target maximizing self-consumption target to produce as many kWh as possible. As a result p.v. systems are LESS interesting and the grid is more strained.A simple example most hot-water systems try to run few minutes every hours instead of all at once on input. To keep a grid load stable running few minutes every hours and have small quantity of water to heat is IDEAL, you consume less energy and keep the load stable on average. On p.v. it s the exact opposite. Since the Sun shine for limited period of time but when it do it offer much energy what it count is heating as much as possible large amount of water to have enough hot water for the rest of the day, possible for more than one day. Essentially NO system on sale offer such simple regulation, while some offer grid-backed regulations like grid energy meters who told run or do not run depending on current grid load but in ways that are hard to be used on p.v. even if they are very similar. Another example most appliance start to consume from 0 to max in a snap. For the grid is not an issue, the single appliance consume a very small fraction of power of a power plant and on average that s just noise. Small p.v. inverters on contrary have issues keeping up such peaks, who happen to be big at micro-grid scale. As a result many appliance like ovens who try to use peaks to reduce the total amount of kWh consumed they run very bad on p.v. in self-consumption and inverter stress terms. Again some appliance try to run for longer time to reduce the amount of peak power usage, while on p.v. it s better run quickly to run an appliance after the other in the limited amount of time the Sun shine and so on.Long story short if some really want a new deal - ALL BEVs MUST have an open standard data port no matter if canbus or something else to talk to any p.v. inverter on sale allowing to do the same stationary battery inverters and batteries do charge ONLY from p.v., offering power from battery to the home to a maximum DOD if the grid do work, another threshold if case of grid blackout and parameters to tell the car ensuring a minimum SOC for a certain point in time allowing to charge from the grid if needed - BEV need to cost equally of their correspondent ICE not pushing up ICE and fuel price to makes EV convenient - incentive de-urbanization in the sense from a multi-apartments building sorry I do not know how to name such buildings in English to a single family home if you live there for a certain amount of years - impose a simple and cheap communication mode to power-hungry home appliances like simple modbus to allow their control from a central home system, like a home server a p.v. inverter etc and allowing communication to tell how much power they going to need to run, in the next few seconds etc to allow inverters compensate peaks less hardly - incentives the design of systems targeting maximizing self-consumption instead of grid-tied metering like I give X kWh, get back Y and so... .Asking for sobriety is like asking do not panic on a sinking ship, the rebound effect is higher then else.
I shudder at the thought of being a dentist. Imagine your first day on the job, looking into people s mouths all day... then going home and thinking that this is what you will do every working day for the next 40 years.Dentists, I heard, have high rates of substance abuse, depression and suicide. These are very talented people they have to be to gain admission to dentistry , who have to spend their life... doing dentistry.
I stumbled across Florence the machine on this service, new station, thanks.
I agree It s such a crazy statement. If going to the supermarket and buying whatever you want doesn t seem like a crazy luxury, you ve got a 1 station only perspective.
The dictionary helps with the boilerplate stuff that is shared between records but not repeated inside them. So it works like a charm for relatively small fragments of structured data like e.g. HTML pages, XML-docs or SQL statements lots of SELECT FROM fragments that can be replaced by a single token. I suspect it works even better for this kind of data than for natural language data, which tends to be skewed in a Zipf-like way.
Feedback is imperative and we wanted to put a spin on how it s delivered to make it much more meaningful. We re starting a new series where we interview people in our community that post their side projects on our website is the first of many episodes we plan on doing. This is interview we did with James, creator of TrendTrack, which is a nocode app using Bubble for keeping track with trends me know what y all think!
If the US supported cryptocurrency, particularly Bitcoin, instead of considering regulation, we could keep up with innovation at least, instead of having other countries leave us in the dust in terms of developing the technology.
Our recipe calls for 1 or less of soy protein in our chicken products, Subway told CBC.So the recipe for chicken does include soy? And just a wee bit, at that? Why is it so common for these restaurants to sell soy as chicken? Why doesn t the Poultry Lobby cut that out? I m sure there are good reasons, I just find it bizarre.
He just could move to Canada or EuropeYou know it consistently baffled me that someone can look at a person who struggles to pay a hospital bill and think that moving to a different country is a viable option.
So, you want Angie s List.Is anyone surprised that a recommendation site that gets its money from the businesses is less than honest? Is anyone surprised that when they get popular they turn into a protection racket?Say it with me. If you re not paying, you re the product. Or in this case, the club.
Finally, I will say it bluntly I am a developer, and I am not paid 40 hour to produce a stupid idea which will change the world.I don t understand, could you re-phrase? Also, do you see your current hourly as sending a high, middle, or low end signal to clients?
It hasn t even remotely reached its potential
vortex wings ?
I ve the next best idea since sliced bread... on how to write a commenting system It has to scale to tens, possibly hundreds of thousands of simultaneous usersMy suggestion just use a database you are familiar with and start building. Most comment systems use a rdbms, so that s a safe bet. Use a graph database only if you find a strong technical reason to do so, not because another company is using it.
For 1000 Hackers Backend At minimum get a 1Gigabit line, try to get a 5Gigabit line. Frontend This is usually where the problem is. Many hackathons spend 20-40k on this. Do not get super routers those big routers that claim to handle 250 people at once , they get clogged. Hacktech.io had many problems with that. Have routers placed throughout the area. Get a wired internet connection for your sponsors at the minimum. At hackathon.launch.co they had wired connections for every hacker, which was impressive. You should definitely have 10-20 switches lying around for hackers to connect with. It will help unclog the network. But if you can get a wired connection for everyone that is even better.
Did you read the claims?
Not at all. No employer forces to list your starting year on your resume, anyway. Grad schools might be different.
Contextually conflating capital punishment with ritual is I think wrong.
So if I can unlock my phone with FaceID Apple Watch Mask. Then in theory, wouldn t ANY person with a mask be able to unlock my phone? If you steal the phone at the right time, and unlock the phone while wearing a mask and still be in proximity to the victim wearing the watch. You will have an unlocked iPhone at your disposal. Quickly disable all of the security features, remove the SIM, and now you have a 1000 item you can fence.
How does centralizing content on Google from multiple sources improve decentralization?It actually makes perfect sense in Doublespeak. s
The point of providing value to society in the first place is so that people can experience the benefit of it.
Eric Schmidt is not google ceo, he is google chairman
So people have been saying for the last 30 years. Yet no one seems to care enough to publish something better. Or even to suggest an alternative.
It s a stack machine, but calling it a subset of Forth is maybe an exaggeration if you can t afaik define new words.
The Upstart thing is just somewhat odd, because it s a Canonical project, and Ubuntu is also Canonical s.That s why they pushed so hard for Debian to use Upstart. Once Debian switched to systemd instead, Canonical announced that they would too. The shop I m in was already using Ubuntu when I came on, but maybe the lesson here is to migrate to Debian, rather than bother upgrading to the newer Ubuntu release.I d certainly recommend that myself. Unless you have a hard requirement for an Enterprise distribution RHEL or SLES , I tend to advocate Debian stable rather than Ubuntu LTS, especially on a server.
For anyone else who finds the lack of capitalization distracting, run the following in your JS console to fix most of the sentences and I s document.querySelectorAll p .forEach el el.textContent el.textContent.replace s i s g, I el.textContent el.textContent.split . s g .filter sent !!sent .map sent sent 0 .toUpperCase sent.substr 1 .join . Edit Tweaked to filter out empty strings because it died about 80 of the way down the page
Url changed from which copies this, which violates the HN guidelines, which ask submitters to submit original sources.
I m fairly sure the model is implemented in a reasonable way. It s an experimental deep generative model based on though more complex because the warp and its inverse are evaluated at training time, and the outputs fed to other things. The warp has around 200 layers, IIRC. The model requires keeping track of the evolution of the log-determinant of the warp after each operation, along with the derivatives of those things... so the graph can get pretty huge.
it was the most successful marketing campaign targeting developers. And now you re writing about it. I would say that s anecdotal evidence of success.
Curious why this was a corporate donation instead of a personal donation?
That s available in vim via the vim-abolish 0 plugin... which has other capabilities, but the one I take advantage of is case-preserving S one two which does what you want.It s odd vim doesn t have that builtin, I m half convinced it does and I just haven t dug enough to find it. 0
Japan s population tripled in the past 100 years, they have no natural resources and live on imported oil, minerals and food. The population density is very high if you consider the geography many mountains . A slight decrease is not a bad thing in such circumstances.
Happens relatively frequently when using a VPN. If, for whatever reason, the IP I m using is currently getting the captcha-hell treatment, shifting to a different exit address clears it up 95 of the time.
The price has never been the major factor, although ridesharing certainly was cheaper than cabs in the beginning and almost always is today.
Note that recentish high-end ARM processors Cortex-A9 are out-of-order and superscalar, and have long pipelines.
This looks great. I clicked through to some interesting subreddits and the top mentioned products looked like good starting points for research. I wouldn t blindly make any purchasing decisions based on this list, but it s a decent aid.
Extremely cool, and the speed is more than impressive.He also seems to be suffering from death by HN , the server is more down than up , keep retrying and it will come up.That Aphex Twin face is on a log scale, not a lin scale, on a log scale it looks much better.
The issue is not that nobody found an alternative to string theory, the problem is that nobody found a use for string theory. Essentially vast amount of funding and talent has been pushed into string theory via the tenure processes at universities which favored string theory for a long time, because it was considered the cutting edge of theoretical physics , and what did we get from it? Not one falsifiable prediction, which as Popper would tell you is necessary to do science. So everything and nothing would be an alternative to string theory.
This feels like semantics. If I create use SD Dall-E and create a comprimising image of a woman I know, and I release it, what difference does it make if it s a photo or generated? Especially as tech gets better and it s hard to tell at a glance whether or not it s a fake.
You are comparing the debt of the government to the assets of the country...
Adverse Possession does not care how the property was acquired. All it cares is that the owner has managed to maintain uncontested possession of it. The states originally siezed the territory from the Brits. The Feds then seized it from the states. Neither usurpation is still contested to this day. No state government maintains that the New Deal is illegitimate.Adverse Possession is not about making moral claims. It is a way to prevent violence by settling who owns what. Groups would try and manufacture claims and rally groups to regain possession. You see this happen in the Balkans and Middle East with claims going back hundreds or thousands of years.Of course, in some ways the question of legitimacy of state ownership is silly. Law between sovereigns or between a sovereign and its residents is always jungle law. The strongest wins. By definition, there is no third party to enforce the law.
beyond anyone s wildest expectation over the last 8 years...Some people were saying it was going to take over the world and replace fiat currencies. That hasn t happened yet. And when it crossed 1000 for the first time, some people expected it to keep going up exponentially.It s gone beyond the expectations of many sceptics, I give you that.
It s not, but people who don t like the idea of others voting like to obfuscate the conversation with red herrings and non sequiturs.
to open one secret link Secret link is an oxymoronical concept. Resource identifiers are exactly that identifiers. They re not private names, and any design that relies on keeping them secret is inherently flawed. If it s accessible on the openly resolvable web, then the content needs to be treated as if it s public. If your use calls for authentication or authorization, then actually use an authentication or authorization system.
What s wrong with handling errors with status codes as opposed to exceptions? Just because it exists doesn t mean one has to use it, no?
Pressing tab will move the focus to the send button, hitting return will then send the message. Presumably this is what you did. Possibly not ideal, but I d disagree it is an invisible, undiscoverable tab to move focus is standard , and irrecoverable you must also hit return .
I still use my 2007 720p 42 Panasonic plasma in my office and my 2012 1080p 3D 50 Panasonic plasma in my living room. I ll probably upgrade this year to an 2022 4K 65 LG OLED, but I still really love both of them.
No need to imagine it s been tried - McMurdo installed a nuclear power plant back in 1962. The reactor proved to be expensive and unreliable, so the Navy removed it a decade later. Cleaning up the mess took another seven years.
do you friends think you re acting kinda weird now?From psilocybin mushrooms? I have never met anyone that s encountered this
What is the customer s recourse though? Get even slower DSL?
That is one rotten apple.
UN can t even provide the very first human right, the freedom of expression. Neither can prevent acts of illegal war. Hence, this is just cheap populism exploiting current hype on green agenda.
Admittedly this was a flame fest waiting to happen but it s still surprising that this article was removed from HN front page.
From a fortune -o message my BSD threw at me a long time ago It is a sad comment on society that this message is being flagged as offensive just because it contains the word fuck .
Good for them. I ve loved using Gusto so far! Nothing but good experiences compared to my last payroll company
smishing ... Um, ok.I never give my cell number out for any reason! It s solely given to close friends family. The cell number I use as my primary contact is via my voip provider that supports sms mms. They simply relay any texts to my email. Further, I block any calls and txt msgs on my cell that aren t in my contact list. This has pretty much eliminated cell phone spam.
Men are far more likely to commit violent crimes than women. Should employers and landlords be able to blanket deny access to men?No, but they re more likely to get in more car wrecks, and I have to pay a higher insurance premium because guys on average are worse drivers.
So... A hosted Consul?
Well, that s just part of the problem with the connected world. If you do something wrong it doesn t take machine learning or AI to find out, you just have to google it. Someone hiring you for a job will most likely do this anyways... I have had recruiters even call me out on such things. It has nothing to do with an algorithm.It could be problematic if there was only one source of subjective information, especially if any perceived past transgressions were irredeemable. But if they are factual, do you have a problem with that? E.G, you go to hire somebody and find out that it s not recommended by hiring_hueristic_x based predominately on factors X,Y,Z X being he stole from his past 10 employers, Y being he never held a job for more than 6 months, Z being he commonly posts serious threats about people he doesn t like online .Also, do you have any idea what actually occurs when you make a decision? I don t. I would love to know someone who does. I still follow it.
Or money incumbencyRoosevelt,Truman,Eisenhower,Johnson,Nixon,Reagan,Clinton,BushII all had plenty of time to plan for 2nd term.Of course so did Ford, Carter and Bush I.There may not be enough samples to get a good p-value, but more often than not the recipe of just don t mess up too bad gets a another term for a sitting President.
How does that work on a nodejs project? I understand that they only have one version of the TypeScript compiler for all projects inside the monorepo, so that means there s only one huge package.json inside with all the packages used by every project inside the repo?
Agreed on the Bob Martin book. For project estimates I have presented estimates this way and I find that executives understand it and it lets me present an estimate and a commitment separately in an understandable way. A summary of his explanation of estimates as probability distributions is here
Paypal use a callback method for their IPNs
Privacy Badger, Ghostery plugins are wonderful for curtailing this.
I ve not written a site from scratch in a few years 3 or 4 until recently, CSS has got a lot more complex and yet also slightly easier as most of the core is the same across 98 of in-use browsers .I hadn t done flexbox or css grid, didn t know what rem was, hadn t used calc , or media queries that target based on viewport size.Just spin-up a Wordpress instance sounds easy but most people will need want a few plugins and things start getting complicated fast.Before long you re handling passing special headers by modifying .htaccess and looking at Leaflet.js source code ... just to stick up a simple WordPress site.And you still missed a million basics like resizing media appropriately and adding aria-labels, and your site is not SEO friendly, and you didn t handle backups yet, ...
This is a real art project!Some day I should sit down and publish my art project abandoned toys . Since I got my first camera phone around 2005 I have been taking images of toys that were abandoned on playgrounds etc.
What was the patch?
See the list of natively supported Ad networks in AMP are about 200 in that list and any network can submit a config to be added, it s just a pull request away.
I tried to return a couple of things within 30 days last month, they offered me less than purchase price plus ridiculously expensive shipping. Total refund would have been around 70 of purchase price.Not what I expected when I signed up as a Prime customer.
I don t understand what you re asking. Vaccines are recommended because that s usually the best course of action. That doesn t mean that vaccines will work 100 of the time... if that s what you were asking. Safety...? We re not talking about experimental vaccines whose safety is not well understood. If you have specific allergies or specific medical conditions, I m sure your doctor would either recommend an alternative that does not have that allergen or suggest some other course of action.No doctor says everyone should take all vaccines NOW . More info here
There was a discussion about it on HN about a month ago 0 Tldr from handshake.org Handshake is a decentralized, permissionless naming protocol compatible with DNS where every peer is validating and in charge of managing the root zone with the goal of creating an alternative to existing Certificate Authorities. 0
Yes, those little solar fans are pretty ineffective. Cracking the windows helps but is not as good as rolling them all down. I don t know of any cases of a child dying in a car with windows rolled down but I suppose it is possible. It is mainly children being left in sealed cars which results in fatalities.I was thinking more like venting which was designed to use the temperature difference to pull air through the car, like the designs used in desert vernacular architecture. Maybe something like a miniature Persian windcatcher, or a vent in the roof and floor which open when the car is parked to allow convection through the interior. But really anything to make the car less like a sealed hotbox.
Hey, love what you guys have done with React Email 3
I m not sure anyone ever claimed snapchat was secure .
If you are claiming that training a LLM literally only one time is enough and there is no need to train it more than once, you are wrong.No, I m rather claiming that what you claimed is wrong in the context of LLM training Well maybe not every day, but having a short feedback loop and the ability to run your code multiple times with different variations is generally considered to be a prerequisite for software development .LLM training is not the same as writing a program and running your code with different variations . For LLM you don t need to quickly rerun everything with some new corpus - it would be nice, but it s neither a prerequisite, not even crucial for any current use.Hell, it s not even a prerequisite in programming, just good to have. Tons of great programs have been written with very slow build times, without quick edit compile build run cycles.
So what did the Roe ruling do that made compromise impossible?
The domain of solutions to the problem of rape and extortion by vehicle operators for hire expands beyond the purview of governments. Do not confuse first world economies and the regulations that people feel necessary to enact with solution sets. Just as militaries in third world counties are unorganized and corrupt, so can their private taxi operators. Yet since the distinction between operators of taxis is one of regulated vs nonregulated one tends to view this fact as the defining difference, which may not be the case.
So they just hate neckbeards no matter what and just pretend it s because of the hat?
It sure seems like you re trying to force a perspective without taking some fundamental human nature factors into account. Or deliberately ignoring them. But I ll go with just not realizing one thing... there s a lot of things about close quarters residency that a great many people ACTIVELY F ING DESPISE. Noise, smells, and just... well, meet enough people and you may develop slightly less positive opinions of them as a whole and choose to live with some degree of space separation that s not ideal from an efficiency standpoint.Sure, the numbers say living like a meat popsicle is absolutely more cost effective but that s a hard-pass from me.
To explain my reasoning the person responding to me seem to question my motives .Categorizing things simply into left right and saying the left right does this or that... Grossly simplifies complex issues and paints a world in black and white that is really many shades of gray. I lived primarily in places with multiparty systems and while they can generally can be put on a rough spectrum from right to left, positions on particular issues can vary significantly from that.Moreover, left and right are relative measures so when I read about some far left policy in the US, that often is considered a stance of the moderate right of centre parties here. Similarly some of the individual freedom stances of the right in the US have more overlap with parties on the left side of the spectrum here.All that to say, that the world is more complicated than left and right and I expect a sociology professor to be aware of the nuance, instead of peddle to the politics.
Why not, did he try to back out of that too?
GitHub repo with links to the checkpoints
I d say in SF, you need 500k to be reasonably middle upper-middle class if you have kids let s say 2 .
It does have search, but I d be willing to wager that the normal workflow when using that is try searching for something, look at the results page, swear, clone, ...
Thinkpad T60 has a great keyboard, good feedback. I don t use the mousepad, I like the little red pointer thingy it has and has 1400x1050 resolution display. It also a mate display not the glare type .It is bulkier than other laptops and by now its processor is behind the latest i7 and i5 s.Also as soon as I got I installed Ubuntu on it. Ubuntu lets me re-map caps lock to a control for my emacs usage.And most of all this machine has worked great for many years . It has traveled with me, has been banged up, dropped, had hot liquids spilled on it and it still works.
MIT alum here, found the materials science PhD route very rewarding from a physics undergrad . You may have done research with K. Berggren it sounds like I jumped into industry hoping to improve how the world makes things on a very large scale. Current project has potential to change how a ubiquitous product is made it would be the first major manufacturing change in 80 years!
It sounds like you re saying that a more diversified economy will, by definition, need a more complex tax code. This is an interesting idea I don t think I ve come across before. The one exception I can see to this is an extremely simple tax code e.g. a flat tax, which has a host of its own issues, including de facto regressive taxation.
The arbiter of truth argument is weak. I want the people at Twitter and other platforms to be able to make decisions about whether something is a fact or misinformation.If they get it wrong, fine. We can use other platforms if we don t like the decisions one makes. But I m tired of the idea that they should NEVER be able to even try to recognize the difference between truth and lies.
Billy Corben s Instagram has better reporting on local Miami politics than our city newspaper! current mayor s father was also a mayor of Miami and was subject to intense fraud in his election campaign They also hired a police chief recently who was almost immediately fired when he exposed how corrupt the city commission is The same city commission is being sued and investigated by the feds for extorting and trying to shut down a local business one of the commissioners didn t like
10k? It s not 1999 anymore. Look at Netflix to see the state of the art in saturating NICs with commodity hardware and off the shelf NGINX plus FreeBSD.
The fact that you opened your rebuttal with DOS basically proves the point I m making. Although probably debatable to consider any of them mainstream.The only person debating that point is you.We could be online until the sun rises debating about different command line environments but if AWS for example haven t released an official CLI utility for Amiga DOS then your position is ultimately just an academic one.
I know this is a joke but if you d like to see inside their data center, there s a nice video
Did you pay with Paypal? You can file a dispute
It s not even in the old days, what you described is still the situation today, for C and C languages - as I m sure you are aware. You have to know about all your dependencies, and curate them all manually. This despite all the misguided package manager for C projects attempts that pop up here on HN every now and then.
More bad news for inflation. I hope they get it under control and soon.
I recommend stepping back for a moment and asking yourself Why is it that you, the person who believe they know what UB is and is sure this is not UB did not understand what s going on here, while the other people reading who explained why it s UB have understood exactly what s going on ?Doesn t it seem most likely that you in fact do not understand Undefined Behaviour and didn t understand what s going on ?
Metal allows for Vulkan to be implemented on top of it
Ah, so it s a file-size issue. Thanks to both of you for explaining.
Not exactly. From first principles, it could only possibly work if the project was very well-known trodden ground already. So of course mistakes were either fixed when discovered or the project failed. Yes, some govt projects pretended to follow a strict process. What s new? But even Brooks original MMM 1975 encouraged iteration as a way to validate assumptions.
My guess is that most things that would boost selling price while narrowing buyers are not cheap which cancels or mostly cancels out the price increase, making it cheaper and more foolproof to go the boring inoffensive route.
My apologies for a bad choice of words. I meant to convey that maybe the writer has become cynical or jaded, perhaps even bitter.
Can Germans take their country to court for not taking national defense seriously?Can the Ukrainian government be sued for not adequately defending the Crimea in 2014?
Can someone summarize TLA functionality in 2-3 sentences. It keeps coming up on hackernews but I haven t heard it any other context and I have worked at faang, so should ve heard of it if it was generally useful . Just trying to figure out if its a niche or something I should know as a distributed systems person.
It is a hostel but they use a fancy startup VC vibe to sound cool.You can make a reservation online for a single night for 40- 50. So yes it is a hostel. Same caveats as every hostel apply reduced privacy, snoring, you can end up with indelicate people and you have to watch out for theft.I went to a hostel that opened recently in France that looked very similar no TV in the beds but a curtain you can close . In fact they also called the beds pods . The difference is that it only cost 18 a night.
Consider your writing part of your marketing.Put out a tip jar or patreon.A subscription-based email newsletter is another option.Writing in general pays quite poorly. It can however be a gateway to other things.
Find a library.Couple years ago I needed to generate PDF reports, relatively complicated ones headers footers backgrounds, page numbers, complex tables, jpeg bitmaps, custom vector graphics in diagrams, etc. This one did the job
Given that highschool kids and reporters have repeatedly sneaked liquids, knives and other prohibited items past security and TSA in all of its existence has _never_ stopping a terrorist red-handed. We all should acknowledge that is just security theater.The real reason we have these machines deployed is that someone in the government knows or plays golf with someone who owns the company that makes these machines. It is basically a contract handout to cousin Ed . That s just how business is done in DC. Everything else is just propaganda and cover-up.
It might be the anesthetic.
And yet you didn t make an attempt to name a single one. If there are it shouldn t be this hard to provide an example. Could it be that they re all so forgettable that they re completely gone from your mind five seconds after you scroll past them?
That s amazing!
I d pick poverty over the lack of autonomy, petit politics and meaningless work any day. Would you also put your kids in poverty? It s not a simple when you think beyond yourself.
I agree with most of what you said, but I think you are trying to assert that academia is altruistic ? Academia is not altruistic. The Universities are in the billion dollar education business. They are just labeled non-profit yet they make hundred of millions collectively in TV contracts but none of that is used to help the poor communities and families many of their athletes come from. They are no better than bankers and consultants, or entrepreneurs trying to make a buck.
My job help teams run more like Google and less like the IRS. That means lean, kanban, Agile, Scrum, XP, DevOps --whatever tool gets us from where we are to where we want to go.I became interested in this a couple of years ago, and I ve had the privilege since then of working with some LSP folks.My initial thoughts are that I like this a lot as a way for strangers to get to know one another. It seems really appropriate for team kickoffs, or in cases where the team is a team -- but in name only. When it works, it s a great way to get people to stop engineering the content of what they re saying and just emotionally open up. The few times I participated, I was very impressed with how quickly strangers came together as a working team.So my position currently is play with it a bit and see where it might work or not . I don t see myself using this enough to get certified. I m also not seeing how it works with already norm ed teams, but maybe I m missing something. Finally, like everything else in tech, there s a lot of hand-waving and over-promising. The hype cycle doesn t mean it s a bad thing. It just means you have to be careful about what s real and what s hype.Fascinating line of thought, though.
My first thought is that companies would not want to forward data to a company that enables a current customer to possibly leave for better rates.
You have the same incentive to prioritize ads over recommendations. If I trust you to keep ads clearly separated, I also trust you to keep recommendations undiluted.
Not really. I find apartment blocks without an enclosed garden to be annoying, but other than that, it doesn t matter too much.
Similarly I found what was perhaps first film ever shot in China in the library of London s School of Oriental and African Studies SOAS back in around 2010. Can t recall the precise format but it was a situation akin to they didn t have a player for the film format and the film itself had not been retrieved from storage for many decades. The story about how it came to be shot was quite interesting, one of the French colonial administrators assigned to the Yunnan trading post was personal friends with the Lumiere brothers and had been given a camera and film to go shoot some stuff . Upon further research the French family thereof had, in the late 20th century, tried to monetize the thing and had it buried. The SOAS copy, being free of their latter-day copyright bullshit, was the sole free copy outside of their grasp. I was able to come back some months later, after the SOAS alumni volunteered funded to have it digitized, to a champagne soirée viewing - we had, after all, beaten the frogs.
Every password manager has broken buggy autofill on at least some sites. It s a really hard thing to get right, and the developers are always one step behind the changes that are made to the sites.
term referring to event-driven applications Those less familiar with these products can look at this as RPC as a Service . BOOM! You use words connected to real-world IT practice and suddenly I know what it does. They should try that. Appreciate it.
ah thanks, i ve seen you around but somehow forgot to add. I ve put you in as a distro since you bundle SD
Besides Hasura, every element of the stack is either the dominant tool in the market or one of the most dominant tools in the market terraform . Hasura is pretty thin and not too hard to pick up.Please enlighten me as to which batteries included frameworks have the market dominance of AWS, React, TypeScript, and Terraform?
Do you have any support for your claim that t he potential for addiction has nearly unlimited risk. ? Given that the majority of the population has been prescribed an opioid at some point wisdom teeth removal, broken bone, etc. and yet hasn t developed an addiction , it seems as though the opposite of your claim would be true.
Oh their conscious alright... conscious that they want to add more for everything their side supports while cutting everything the other side supports.Of course after all the political theater this usually ends up with them adding what they want but getting blocked at cutting anything.
Linux on the desktop has a lot of catching up to do when it comes to Mac Win. The question is whether it is good enough.Personally, Linux desktop has been good enough for decades, for my work as a software engineer. I gave up many conveniences when I switched fully from Macs e.g. BBEdit, Finale for music, etc. .I think phones are reaching the same point, where I am ready to sacrifice a decade or more of software progress to regain control of my hardware.In the very long term, I will always bet on open source when it comes to commodity devices. I believe phone development will progress much like the Linux desktop experience, which is now relatively rock solid. It may take a decade, but each of us that joins their movement will speed these alternatives on to their inevitable market domination.
It is their event to run, and they have final say in the kind of discourse they accept from the attendees.This is a non sequitur. Just because you re legally allowed to do something doesn t mean you should.This in particular struck me from MLH s comment If anything, this incident set Ahmed s cause back by being insensitive to real issue at hand.In Ahmed s case, real issue at hand is paranoids flinching at terrorism in every shadow, exactly like this. I generally think people ought to try to avoid offensive speech, and if this had even remotely resembled an actual threat I would have been heartily against it, but no reasonable person could have felt threatened here. This is exactly the same kind of thinking that says it s perfectly normal for someone to get cavity-searched for saying the word bomb in an airport.
Get a 12v heating blanket and plug it into the cigarette lighter port - or are they no longer provided either.
Jack Ma said that China should not worry about financial systemic risks and warned about Collateralization with a pawnshop mentality because Ant Financial was making uncollateralized loans on a huge scale, something they were only able to do because they weren t subject to the same regulations as established financial institutions, and this was about to change.With Ant Financial being just another regulated lender, there was no way to justify their inflated valuation and by proxy the valuation of parent company Alibaba. Hence the sharp decrease in stock price.So I think you have your causality backwards Alibaba didn t lose value because of Jack Ma s warning, rather the problem with China s regulatory system he was warning about was that it was going to make Alibaba lose value. And invoking his advice when another financial systemic risk is rearing its head might not be the most appropriate.
dead
I don t know why this got a downvote as it s an accurate summary of the article.
The labor to build such a wall may dominate the savings in brick. But if you re building a brick wall, maybe you don t care much about either.I wonder if this sort of structure could be built by 3D printing, say with concrete or even soil.
I m guessing no. I don t remember how, but I managed to jump higher than the level pole once, but hit an invisible wall and slid down it anyway. Game Genie? Emulated ROM?
BuzzFeed reporters are saying on Twitter they this incident is the root cause for the weird firing. And implied by Sacks letter That was how executives discovered the Macro program, which Conrad had created based on a belief that 52 hours was too long to spend in training, the lawyer for Sacks said.That s literally a joke you d see on Silicon Valley.
Crazy. Usually it s just Pay stops today, benefits at the end of the month. Hand in your badge - off you go.
Re Vega I think it s pretty clearly some sort of software issue other people are having no trouble with mobile embedded iGPU hardware. This machine has an Nvidia GT 610 in it, which isn t high end gaming equipment. But it should be adequate for this demo.
Arguably, composing depending on the composability of optional values is also a code smell. A Some Some None may be occasionally okay, but it is almost always better represented by an explicit type. Also, clojure can better express these in-between states, as demonstrated by the very good talk I swear Hickey always sells me on Clojure.. I really should write something more serious in it
Right, but how does the challenge get to the device? Security Key is a physical USB second factor that only works after verifying the login site is truly a Google website, not a fake site pretending to be Google. The specs say that a challenge is involved. The device must receive the challenge. Typing out keys isn t sufficient unless that typing can go the other way. And in the OS, there has to be support for Chrome to send data to such a device. Normal keyboard input is not sufficient for this. This is what I m looking for clarity on.
Everything depends on the Discord community you re connecting with.We use it extensively for hosting chat related to role-playing games that I m involved in, along with the voice channels for when we re having an actual game. Character sheets are hosted on RPGSessions.com, with bot links to our Discord channels.For that use case, I think it works pretty well.
It s unethical in the same place where building large apartment complexes on private land is also illegal. They have to have somewhere to go and people don t want their view blocked by a building.
Discussion 0 145 points, 7 hours ago, 192 comments 0
Sorry, but I don t think this comparison really makes sense. Yes, duh, there s military research and a lot of things come out of it, especially because they have huge budgets for funding all sorts of research.But the topic here is both about private companies, not some research fund and it s explicitly about creating products not doing research for military use.Things like DARPA are even more complex, because in a way, intentionally or not it is used by the US to have essentially government funded research and infrastructure development while bypassing the whole but that s communism! discussion and also simply not having to publicly discuss it other than let s raise military spending! .So in other words what you say makes sense and I agree, but it might not necessarily apply here. Like your quote states this is about money for research coming from the US DoD, not about private capital investors wanting to make money by telling you to do R D for the military.
I got rid of my Nest camera for this reason. Gave me a Captcha. To view my own damn camera. Who are they gatekeeping? I ll use robots if I want, it s my apartment and my camera.
but you have to pay just to develop an iOS appApple changed this a year or two ago. You do not have to pay to test apps on your own phone.
Why would I ever trust a business which thought that adding this outrageous language to their TOS is even remotely OK?For all I know they were exploring how far they can push and will always continue so.
If not limited to trace amounts for microscopic components, in the heat spreading role there could be demand for it in much greater quantity than elementally similar LED pigments.Most manufacturing materials do not require such careful treatment and disposable -thankfully. The concern is not just about unusual behavior such as grinding up and eating . This is a particularly hazardous material - as documented.
You can have delays for that purpose in real-time systems too. And they d actually be consistent, instead of having variable lengths to cancel the transaction.
We need a spreadsheet format that s more conducive to the professional programmer workflow.Parsing them is actually very complex. You just have to hope your library can handle everything in excel. If you re a cli native I m not really sure what you do.Spreadsheets don t play very will with source control. If the underlying format was text and every cell and formula was on a new line it would work out ok. As it is now, merging them is very cumbersome....impossible for the laymen that might be the main user of the sheet.By going with a speadsheet and not something like SQL, you lose a lot of rigor.There s probably a few more needs but these are top of mind for me.
Kudos to you! I wish you all the success in the world. I greatly admire people who take this path and aren t trying to be the next unicorn.
are you that stupid? just enter a bogus email.
We do have emplyoment problems arguably caused by tech, currently the bar of minimum viable productivity is higher than before in a lot of countries. In western welfare states there aren t jobs anymore for people who were doing groundskeeper ish things 50 years ago apart from public sector subsidized employment programs .We need to come up with ways of providing meaningful roles for the large percentage of people whose peg shape doesn t fit the median job hole.
Looks amazing, love the simplicityDoes it support images? Can text clipboard items be edited on the clipboard before pasting?Are you planning on adding snippets?Alfred works really well for me in terms of snippets and clipboard historyExcept for one use case quick editsFor that, I end up having to paste the content somewhere, change it, sometimes having to additionally re-copy, then paste in the final destination
There was a study a while ago that found a correlation between book ownership in a child s house and educational achievement. So some municipality can t remember which kickstarted a program to mail a few age appropriate books to kids in their per month.The result was no change. It turned out that the actual cause wasn t books, it was parents who would value books enough to purchase them. Buying books for children whose parents hadn t valued reading and education enough to already own some books didn t help at all.
If the alternative is epub i will take pdf any day.
Why don t you call it what it is? bash sh checker rather than shellcheck. Or do you plan to add other shells?Ksh, csh, rc, tsh - not everyone uses bash.
There are scores of jobs in areas such as retail management that don t care what your degree was in, only that you have a degree from somewhere in something. In some, you ll get hired in as a fast-tracker to management with training and such, others you ll find opportunity with just a bit of retail experience having a job through college can be enough . Sometimes the same is true for secretarial positions, and I m guessing these sorts of qualifiers are everywhere.
It the paragraph setting the premise correct? The problem is this The laws of quantum mechanics insist that information about the past is never lost, including the record of whatever fell into a black hole. But Hawking s calculation contradicted this. He applied both quantum mechanics and Albert Einstein s theory of gravity to the space around a black hole and found that quantum jitters cause the black hole to emit radiation that s perfectly random, carrying no information. I always thought that amount of information about current description of it must be conserved. It s differet than history of the state evolution. IMO simplest QM experiment contradicts this statement if you pass a linearly polarized filter on a rotated filter you get a random result. You can t infer original state. It s like mas conservation in box of eggs. If you shake it, the amount of eggs is the same, it s state is different and untrackable.So in my understanding the blackhole was a perfect scrambler. It carries the same amount of information is distribution random. Or the number of bits must stay the same but their distribution changes. That might be slightly different from amount information definition in Shannon sense.Was my understanding wrong all along?
Sure, we also have bulletin boards, we just don t pin entire newspapers to them anymore? .
... and the recruiter said, welp, I tried to find a U.S. citizen and couldn t, H1B visa here we come!
Deeply stupid is Trump s middle name.
I d recommend starting from scratch for the simple reason that the official PostgreSQL manual is excellent quickly find which parts of the manual are interesting to you and which ones just repeat what you already know or could have guessed on your own . Since the manual is very well structured, skipping those parts is very easy.
we ll fire anybody who watches pornThat s not particularly non-sensical, at all. That s a sexual harassment lawsuit waiting to happen. We ll fire anybody who plays a game would qualify as absurd .
You don t sound like a noob to me. It s important to just get some shit working sometimes. Clean ans readable is a nice goal to have. In fact there are a ton of things good coders do that we d all like to strive for but in the end I always ask myself is following x principle getting shit working? and if the answer isn t a clear yes then it doesn t matter. We need to stop getting hung up on all this stuff. Just make something work. Try to be clean, concise, and readable but make sure the motherfucker works at the end of the day or it s a waste.
I think it depends on how you ask the question. If you give every indication that you ve made an effort to try and figure it out on your own, even if it s a newb issue, I doubt anyone who knows what they re doing would see it as anything other than a good indication of character.
I think the separation was driven by Steve being in a real funk because the Macintosh, which he developed, was failing in early 1985. His vision was ahead of its time, the power of the microprocessor wasn t enough to do what he wanted to do and Mac sales were falling off.We were still very dependent on the profits of Apple II. I felt we had to push profits of Apple II and Steve wanted to lower the price of the Mac to get sales up. We went to the board to decide.The board made a decision and they asked Steve to step down as head of the Macintosh division. He still remained as chairman of the board.But that was an incredible blow to the man who created the product, he was extremely hurt and pained by it.To me, coming from corporate America, I was used to people being moved from job to job, because that s how it worked. Professional executives were reassigned, terminated, promoted all the time.That s not what you do with founders of companies. Emphasis on the That s not what you do with founders of companies.
I ll give you one where it benefits us, in the real world, where it s -not- just horizontal scalability.Almost all of my team s efforts are internal applications. They re high throughput ad related functionalities, but fundamentally another business client says hey, we have a user, we need an ad , and all our stuff works to fill it.We are, as such, on an internal VPC in AWS. This is fine.But we sometimes need to allow for client code run outside of the network to be able to securely change out our stuff think ad partners modifying their inventory.We can add an API on top of one of our services, but then we have to deal with authentication and proxying.We can certainly authenticate and proxy those requests into the network ourselves. But that creates some fun and interesting risks and issues we re building something explicitly to bypass the safeguards of running in a private subnet in our own VPC, and tunnel traffic from the big wide world into the depths of our own network which is also connected to our corporate network .We can also spin up a new service on a server that lives outside the VPC however that has the downside that we re paying for an instance for a very low traffic service, and it still requires support.Or, we use a Serverless paradigm. The website hits API Gateway lambda endpoints, authentication is provided via Cognito, and it all leads to the lambda executing against a single resource S3, Dynamo, whatever to modify data that our services read from. No entering our network, and all security relying on security primitives Amazon owns and maintains they are far better equipped to handle it than we are . And it will cost us pennies, while leaving our existing infrastructure unaffected.
Ah sure, it s good to stick with the default packages in your distribution then... I started from scracth and found that Ivy was more than sufficient for everything I need and it s quite a lot lighter than Helm .BTW what was the error mesage?Good luck!
Please tell me that you seriously didn t just make it so that news articles without a link have 10 of the weight of news articles w links.
The CA HSR began under Governor Pete Wilson, a Republican, and was planned by a Republican administration.This is why the train detours through the highly Republican Central Valley rather than directly connecting LA and SF.
Yeah, I think this absolutely nails it, and what I find interesting is that in all the time this acquisition has been up in the air Musk has failed to ever engage in the detail of how to address these issues. Elon Musk is interestingly probably the worst person to run Twitter, because whilst the previous guys running twitter weren t very competent, they had their product and they were navigating through issues under extreme pressure. Musk on the other hand, has 1,000 pain points to press on that everyone who previously tried to coerce twitter will now be looking at. Whether it be the federal government pressing on SpaceX, Union busting at Tesla, or whether it s Texas coming after Twitter for abortion information, he is going to be so much more exposed.
That s why, after having used Redhat, SuSE, FreeBSD, Gentoo and Ubuntu over the course of 10 years, I switched to Mac OSX. Everything just works.
I am assuming the us navy must have some plans to protect carriers they don t make public. Because otherwise using them in the open seems nuts.
The tolerance runaway with Ketamine is legendary, and how people get addicted.At some point, people have to give up that first dose effect and take what Ketamine does offer in the long term.That s why doctors tend to lock the dose at one single point. This is what happens with nearly any drug like this, but Ketamine is certainly severely strong in this aspect.Let s not have another opioid crisis please.
Can t tell if you re joking
Not the author, but an article on web3 from earlier today that was shared in here was almost only focusing on NFTs money I guess crypto . I haven t followed the subject all that close but I can t say that I have read other descriptions of it, i.e. something that wasn t focused on how to make money.
That s oversimplified. If the falsely predicted branch issues a load instruction for example, you might use up valuable memory bandwidth, trash cache lines, etc. There are way more side effects that can make false branch predictions more expensive. It s also extremely microarchitecture dependent, proprietary and undocumented what exactly happens, which is why we need to benchmark the actual code under consideration.
Should that absolve them of writing deceptive articles that feed in to a type of paranoia that is fairly harmful to society 0 ? 0 Not that the anti-wireless people are particularly influential right now, but they re fairly close to antivacciene people in how they perceive the world with an almost complete absence of rational thought.
There have been many instances of price fixing and collusion among DRAM, Flash, and storage manufacturers going back to 2000 and before.If however you can attribute the price hikes to a natural disaster, say a flood or power outage, then you ll receive less scrutiny for sustained price increases.
The Intel Mac Minis don t have soldered RAM, it can be upgraded, though it is deep inside the device. The M1 Macs have soldered RAM and SSD, but here there is a clear technical tradeoff giving much better performance.Asahi Linux contains device drivers for the M1 Macs, quite a bit of their work has been accepted to the Linux kernel already. GPU drivers are pretty close too.Apple does explicitly allow other OSes to run on their hardware, they explicitly enabled that.
Thank you for linking Russ Tice, I have watched most of his interviews and people should be more aware of what he says. More specifically, he says Obama was not even senator yet, he was simply the nominee, when wiretap papers came accross his desk... This has vast implications about their true targetting methods.
I just looked into the economics of rotor sails.On average, they save 400 day 146,000 year in fuel costs 2017 or about 10 of fuel consumption. In real terms, it s not much.They cost about 1-2 mil 1.1-2.3 . Under the most ideal circumstances, that is a 8 year payback, which is fairly long.In order for the economics to work out, oil prices need to be higher and externalities CO2 emissions need to be included in the price.
This huge international campaign including pushing other countries..! It is not about security. It is more about money. Huge influence from powerful capitalists and investors because their market and long term interests are at risk.
Wasn t sshuttle created by the now CEO of Tailscale?
Direct link to donations page -
I should disclaim english is not my primary language... but what is the fine line between drive and motivation ?I don t think he is really giving the deep reason why he is motivated or driven, as you like to get it done, he s just saying he strongly feels that he has to.
Fruit bats fertilise some plants in Oceania. I wonder if we have a lot more ...brought to you by mammals fruits to come? I think they fertilise non-farmed species. they eat the heart out of the fruit industry and are endangered in part because they re seen as a pest
Notifo definitely needs to get on this..
Love the idea and project, but I have to admit, you missed an amazing opportunity to call it Yo-Lo and parody off that awful popular phrase used in pop culture... Haha Keep it up. Downloaded the app, and am getting some other friends on there too!
If anyone is curious what development is like on WSL v1 right now, it s actually not bad at all, but the changes proposed look great with v2.For example, right now with v1 you can totally use a WSL terminal of choice and run your dev environment using tmux and terminal Vim running in WSL and have a fantastic experience. Then wire up Docker for Windows so that your Docker CLI in WSL connects seamlessly to it. I ve been doing this for quite some time for full time development and it s rock solid.Really looking for v2 with native Docker support and better I O performance.
I am not surprised. There are a handful of competitors but I believe the ship has sailed. I am a complete AWS dunce but it s too easy for me to spin up an ECS with spot machines and run my python app on it. When Heroku hit the scene and for many years, there was no easy alternative. You had to go and provision your own machines to then setup.
In another sense it helps that you can tell exactly where they re coming from on most issues.Qatar threw money at them to be the best of the best in global reporting .. pretty much because they can then point to Al Jaz s world class credentials when it comes to the void on bad reporting at home.I can see a time in the future when they might start strongly bending their international reporting .. but for now at least they play with an even bat on most issues outside their own borders, they ve hired a number of top tier global reporters away from prestige journals elsewhere.I ve been observing media across the world for decades .. all media has biases, it actually helps to know what those are.
MyKey Global Accommodations provides comprehensive temporary housing solutions, specializing in corporate housing, employee relocation, and insurance housing. Our services ensure ease of booking, high-quality furnished rentals, and exceptional customer support.
Yes, I should have linked it and the post was locked by the time I spotted it was missing and there were some typos. In my Huginn Scenario I have one Website Agent per museum gallery institution containing the URL to check and a some rules of how to extract the text from the page that I have figured out signifies whether the work is on view or not. These feed into a private RSS feed of my own that I then process separately to update the web page. Here you can see the Agent for Portland Museum of Art and that it created two events one when it went on view, one when it was taken off view . Tada!
If you want document this and contribute to the group, please do. Our group is volunteer only and so we can only focus on issues that are contributed.We have a GitHub for more formal conversations and discord for chat.We will tackle the major issues relating to browsers and web-apps that the vendors aren t addressing.Wanting Web Apps to work is not a narrow focus.
I think that was more of a nod to the writer s and I assume director s respect for but disagreement with Ridley Scott s thesis.They don t actually think Deckard is a replicant, but they re more than happy to channel the idea of him being a replicant, but it s through Gaff where it can either come across as subtle misdirection, a hint to a wayward soul K , or just playing tricks on someone that presumably took over his job - something in his eyes .
is this performance art?
As if FB stock holders or C-suite or even regular employees, come to think about it do care about reputational damage.As long as it is a money-printing machine, they will not care one bit if they have to heat the headquarters with seal pups.
I advise leaving a place that requires your manager to dictate which tickets you work onAs someone who recently left a place like that I agree. I m a highly-paid professional it was really frustrating to feel like my manager didn t trust me enough to figure out what I needed to work on.
Anybody doing anything with more than 16GB, especially data science think all the R and Python people, all scientists Not sure I agree. Most science datasets both from simulations and experiments are sufficiently noisy that if your scientific end results and conclusions change as a result of even thousands of bitflips in your 16 GB of data, you re Doing It Wrong and your article isn t worth the paper it s printed on. There are probably exceptions, as always, but those working in those few specific subfields should be aware of it.
That fund does not remotely resemble a hedge fund. They strictly invest in low-risk securities e.g. highly rated government bonds to generate a modest return and minimize loss against inflation.
I have 2 0.511MeV photons for you - a classic experiment that you seem to have missed in your studies of Physics? 3rd year undergrad, usually.
Children s children? What? Like 50 years from now?These AR innovations are going to produce great value already 5 years from now.
That link defines what the IETF means by rough consensus .In this context, I think it just refers to general agreement .
That s correct, but I left the link off because the fizzbuzz comment isn t strictly relevant, it just interested me a little. Would it be better etiquette to put the link in?
That s just, like, your opinion, man.
I don t see why any response to M is required.Anyone who runs a free software operating system is free to implement any such recording system they desire. These developments should be driven by user requirements, not in response to some new M feature.By community , it s implied that this is a diverse and disparate group of individuals and organizations. If any one of these desires to make or use a system, like the linked openrecall, then others are free to use it or not, or ignore it completely if they desire.This makes no inference about the motives, or user desires of any other members of the community . Which is completely different from the MS OS user community , who are all bound by what the M corporation chooses to do.This is an excellent example of the distinction between free software and open source. The point of free software is to facilitate user freedom, not just to share the source code.
VirtualBox is owned by Oracle. If your motivation for switching vendors is getting screwed over by the old vendor, Oracle is the last place you want to go to.
Hi, I helped write this post.We could have been more clear in the post but the availability gain here is focussed on internal tasks. As an example, we retry failed payments on a user defined schedule - we d like to be able to do that from anywhere we choose.Keeping these background processes going matters, and that s what we ve worked hard to ensure we can achieve.
This is a back-door, since the public key will give you full access to plaintext.Moreover, how do you audit whether the second cipher-text exists, and whether the second cipher-text actually decrypts to the same plain-text as the first?There are plausible schemes for creating a common second actor that can access communication with a warrant. But they aren t this simple, and they tend to come with large complexity downsides.
Imagine if installing a server-side chat app, message board, project management app, or CMS were as easy as installing a desktop app. In a desktop app, it s usually one click to start the install and then, if necessary, you re guided through a few screens to complete the install. Want to uninstall? The OS operating system will provide a feature to manage that.It s this way already. Virtually every shared hosting provider Hostgator, Bluehost, etc. provides a Cpanel admin panel with Softaculous software installer. All kinds of apps blogs, CMSs, project management apps, etc. are a single-click install and removal.
You do realize that BEVs predate internal combustion cars? You could ve said the same thing about all EVs just a few years ago.Toyota and others have tried and failed for decades, yes. The order of events is irrelevant to the discussion.BEV sales managed to reach profitability at scale in less than a decade.BEVs also have benefit of sharing technologies with many other devices, in a way fuel cell does not - its not surprising to me at all BEV is winning, and by a huge margin.Supplying and pumping compressed hydrogen at temperatures well below freezing the typical solution at the pump is also not all that simple compared to an EV plug or even good ole gas, and the range offered by the compressed tank is not all that amazing either.Fuel cell tech will find uses I m sure, but its not going to be affordable personal transport.
Their support site is far more valuable than the landing page.From the main support index at here are various tidbits of useful content that the surrounding HN comments wished for sorry, none describe the expert help available Get Google One With Google One, you get more storage, help from experts, and extra member benefits. You can share your membership with up to 5 family members. How your existing storage works with Google One You ll get storage through your Google One membership, which will become your new storage limit. You ll no longer buy storage through Google Drive. Claim a Benefit Google One hotel deals depend on the day, time, and other factors. There might not be a deal for every hotel search. where Google One is available Create or join a family Use Google Play Family Library Subscribe to the Google Play Music family plan Use a family calendar
I have said before, driverless cars will end the private car.First you get your car doing taxi work for money while it would otherwise be parked in your workplace. Then you get a social stratum of people who only ever use other people s cars, because it s simpler than buying one. Then you get commercial fleets of driverless taxis out-competing the per-individual car in the taxi role, until it s not economic to run one. Then you get the collapse of the economic logistic infrastructure for per-individual cars.And yeah, driverless taxi fleets will only park to fuel, be serviced, or wait on a fare.
OK, I forked LLVM and libstdc on github, and compiled them.In the process I learned about the joys of code reuse, surely what a true grandmaster would use.When can I expect my certificate in the mail?
Old news and not very insightful. For a deeper look, Fred Turner is the one to read
I was once asked a programming interview question and suggested solving it with differential equations it was a system of odes but could be made into pdes too . But that wasn t the solution they were looking for.
The original forum post 1 that this article mentions has more details, and some discussions that also include Ubuntu devs. 1
Interesting. Wouldn t this imply that belief in our universe being infinite and belief in the validity of the simulation hypothesis are mutually exclusive? Basically, believing we re in a simulation would mean believing that our perception of an infinite universe is simply a feature of the simulation.
It s oppressive because it s supposed to be, and frankly people who don t get it and demand explicit difficulty settings don t really want to play Dark Souls at all.I 100 agree. I m not really deep into the Souls games. My first game was Dark Souls 3 after which, I went back to the original, and am still trying to setup and emulator for Demon s Souls .What I find very compelling about these games design is that the environment itself is very fair yet brutal. You don t run and jump across cliffs willy-nilly. You don t sprint into a dark room. A rickety bridge isn t something you carelessly waltz over. Everything is designed around patience and observance. Literally every trap in the game with one exception is telegraphed by the environment. You just have to look. Things being able to easily murder you is part of the experience. You don t level up in so much as get better at observing the game and learning mechanics. Stats do matter, sure, but even so your large healthbar isn t a guarantee of your survival. It allows you to make a few more mistakes at best.I think people that want these games with a lower difficulty slider don t get it . Virtually every other RPG pumps you full of stats and tells you that you re the chosen one. The leader, the one to rule them all. But you don t really earn it. Every level up makes you stronger while the world remains static, eventually culminating into you dominating based off of pure passive, mathematical advantage. Which I guess is fine for a medium that a lot of people use for escapism. But if that s what you want, then Miyazaki s games aren t for you. You have so many other games to choose from I don t understand why there s such a dreary emphasis on one of the few exceptions.
No one has a downvote on submissions. Only on comments. Unless the karma requirement requires one to be in the top 25 users, and I just don t see them. - There have been some submissions that I would have downmodded the hell out of, if I could.
My understanding is that a 4k 30 monitor is a retina display at 30 inches. I know that I can see pixel edges on my Dell Ultrasharp, and it s 2560x1440. My guess is that I would not be able to see pixel edges if the resolution was quadrupled 4k .
isspace is defined as a macro at the top of the file, and it s definitely not locale sensitive
They also changed their terms regarding reverse engineering.
Well, the fact that all of the sudden there are all these new versions is surprising. That makes the title of the article confusing, because one doesnt expect that v8 is considered super obsolete.
I have a race drone. It was fun to fly it through tall grass like a weed whacker.The first few props were super brittle and shattered at the slightest botched landing. I also think they were poorly designed with no fillets, so the stresses would concentrate at the base of the blades and the plastic would crack.A bought another couple of bags of props, and they were MUCH higher quality. Often I can just bend a blade back after a rough crash landing.
As for the iPad, it is not enough to create a tagline. Maybe it is magical, maybe not - chances are, it is mostly just a computer, not magic...
isn t that basically what Apple did by using algorithms to scan for CSAM material. Even with the level of trust that Apple has, people weren t ok with this.
The only reason China dropped out of super power status was tremendous sabotage criminality by the top 5 economies of the world.There rise is not a fluke, this is an inevitability of the planet we live on, India is next and it will outperform China by the end of this century like it did in the past, pre-British invasion .General ignorance of world history in the West will make this transition harder than it needs to be for Western populations.
I feel like I ve seen a documentary about Kobayashi, the famous professional eater?He was sweating after eating mounds of food.And he had ripped abs.
In those counties, hierarchical management tends to be the norm. Managers have much more power, and there isn t the equivalent of these rockstar 10x engineers we see in the US. Respecting the hierarchy and the process of governing employees can be much more important than delivering a brilliant feature.
Scala. Rust also looks extremely promising, though not mature yet. It is getting there quickly though.
It would be tough to take the existing app and reupload it, but this guy could certainly provide another developer with a built binary which they would then submit.You d have to be mad to actually do that, though. We see quite clearly how Apple can react when they think they ve been wronged, and who knows what that binary actually contains.Seems like the best approach would be to open source it and convince somebody perhaps several somebodies to build it from source and put it on the store for free. Obviously, the source release would need to be under a license that was compatible with an App Store release i.e. no GPL .
Aren t they also accelerating the repatriation of the country ?
Incorrect. Monopolies do not naturally occur in most markets with a few exceptions . The barriers to entry that create monopolies arise largely from regulatory capture. Some level of regulation is often necessary, but devising regimes that don t favor early entrants is very difficult. Nobody does this well neither the US nor Europe.
...a lie, I added 20k to my current salaryIt s right in the text.
Really appreciate the in-depth dissection of actual case studies. Surprised to learn of the lack of CTA...
Easy one Star Wars planets
Enlarged prostate blocking the flow of urine for one example. My grandfather couldn t relieve himself without a catheter during the last year of his life.
That Harvard article is really interesting, thanks.
Yeah, I added a comment on that post too
I don t see the situations similar at all.Cruise is an extremely tough spot right now after its handling of the San Francisco accident, and it s nationwide pause of testing.OpenAI has been extremely successful but is having strategic disagreements within its non-profit board.
You re are implicitly assuming something that cosmologists do not assume that DM even exists. It is not assumed to exist. It is proposed to exist as an explanation for observations we have made. As such, the proposing scientists are free to set the terms of their own proposal.The whole reason DM was proposed is because, if true, it explains gravitational phenomena of galaxies that we can observe but can t otherwise explain under the current best theory of gravity. Some alternative proposals include very different theories of gravity, rather than DM. 0 The weakly-interacting property of the proposed DM again, this property is not an assumption it s part of the proposal is what leads to the spherical distribution. It is a very well explained mathematical consequence of the lack of interaction that the DM retains a spherical distribution while the ordinary matter collapses to a plane. 0
I am uploading it so you can see it. Nice downvote before letting me prove my words
By that argument, MIT is even more free. Licensing your code under MIT basically says here, you can use it inspite of the fact that it s copyrighted to us, no strings attached. Go forth and multiply. This is why the GPL gets portrayed as viral. It spreads to the parts that I add and restricts the license for my additions. Don t get me wrong It s a completely fair thing to do - the authors are giving me something for free, but it s still a restriction.
100 user doesn t like he can simply downvote you irresponsiblyI personally, think the downvote activation should be a combination of length of membership and karma. It does seem that as of late, there has been an increase in I don t agree with you, so down you go .I am with you on this one, there is a specific subject I talk about a lot on here JavaScript based UI s , I have been doing web development since about the day after TBL released Mosaic That is not an exaggeration and it is my opinion that the web was broken shortly after we moved from CGI post to server side web frameworks that introduces state.I think the JavaScript UI s and REST bring web apps back into the original architecture of the web and that they bring us back to the architecture that was started so long ago.Anyway, I am getting off on a tangent. There are a good deal of developers who disagree with this, some instead of forming a rebuttal use the down arrow as their rebuttal.For me personally I see it, when used in that context, as a I don t have a strong rebuttal, so I will try to make you post go away line of reasoning. I had one guy get so annoyed at me, that he went in and bombed me on any post that he and I did not have an exchange on you can not down vote if you reply to a post .To me those kinds of actions are site killers, fortunately for HN, it has not reached a critical mass, and it still has a good deal of intellectuals looking for good conversation. I have just chalked it up to, oh well you take you licks. At the point that all of my post get downvoted then I will know that I have been voted off the island, and that it is time for me to leave, which is fine as the community will not be representative of the people I am looking to interact with. As of yet that is not the case, so I just go with the flow.
If I recall correctly. The recent examples of Typhoons going super sonic over London were QRA aircraft hammering it down the country to pick up suspicious aircraft. In some of those cases they are allowed do it
So if you don t like a place in the real world, do you vandalize it or just not go there?
There is a heater for the vidicon which had to be shut off due to power budget. This heater had been on since launch. After being switched off, turning on this heater back on, or the vidicon s cathode filament itself a separate heater would have cracked the tube due to the cold of space.
I ve developed in Lotus Notes for about a year and I thought it was kind of interesting. The distributed databases were kinda cool, as was the Designer. Perhaps it reminded me a bit of HyperCard. that was like 6 or 7 years ago. Wouldn t want to develop in Lotus Notes anymore, but I don t have any bad memories of the software.
I could breathe normally during my gastroscopy. No pain though it felt strange. The MRI was a lot more taxing mentally, and I had some of the same issues as you. Best of luck.
Contractors get to set their hours. Employees are expected to be performing services for their employers for a minimum of 30 hours per week you re signed into Teams but playing a game or watching a movie, it could probably be challenged in court whether you re performing a service for your employer.
It doesn t seem that polite to me to keep asking for basic information in someone s blog comments. In particular, you tell Ghiayas you can t help him, and then pradeep kumar starts asking the same question which implies a sock puppet to me and later Ghiayas comes back with even more questions. If that seems polite to you, then you are a very tolerant and kind man indeed.
It also shows what happens in an environment without insurance.I m not sure why you raise this issue considering it s effective meaninglessness.There are a raft of private insurance entities for things like pension funds and stock brokers there used to be ones for state level Thrift banks. There used a mortgage bond insurance company too - it became insolvent in 2008. The pension and stock broker ones stay solvent by not necessarily fully guaranteeing any entity, etc .None of the finance institution insurers are going to be large enough to actually insure against systemic failure. Essentially, these entity also, in supreme irony, operate with the fractional reserves principle. They only insure against a small failure every once and a while. Only the state, with it ability to print money, can provide real insurance for things that operate like a bank. So private financial failure insurance is a fancy fig leaf, it gave no comfort during 2008 crisis, etc.And fricken really insure bitcoin exchanges? They would have to have enough dollars just sitting around doing nothing to do that and no one would provide these dollars. At best, all you re doing is asking for someone to sue if things go bad OK, that s something but not much .
I doubt Google-esque companies would store a users table with foreign keys to social security numbers, street addresses and phone numbers unencrypted FDE does not count as it s for hardware loss, not data loss or at least without some kind of base-level ACL, but I would love to be surprised.Much of the data I presume that Google deals with is not sensitive enough to warrant the kinds of encryption that a health provider company should use. My search data and even my Google YouTube Gmail accounts are enough to tie them to my person, but not my identity. I, or someone masquerading as me, cannot open a line of credit with my Google account at a bank.
Interesting article, however I question how widespread this book actually is, and the bias of the author of the article. Has anyone here ever come across this book? Are there any teachers here?In all the years of my schooling, I never thought my teachers may have been influenced by such a book. Not many of my teachers were ever interested in talking about the social injustices or encouraging us to fight for any right, but quite the contrary actually. Once in a while I would come across an inspiring teacher who recognized the limitless potential of a young mind and attempt to pursue that ideal, but in the end, the overwhelming feel was always simply to spit out another well-rounded, good and contributing citizen of the society we live in. How dehumanizing is that?
I think at this stage a well known psychiatrist in your area might help. I can see patterns in what they wrote and it seems serious enough to get therapy and medication. It will take a year to get out of whatever predicaments you find yourself in.
Good retrospectives are the key. Using cause-effect diagrams and techniques like story of a story help facilitate good discussion. 5 Whys as well.I try to get teams I work on to retro on all defects that escape to production.
Just take the OpenAI Microsoft deal as an example. If a 10B investment into a company comes with strings attached, say with board seats and an exclusivity deal to use Azure products, they just blocked out any other hosting service that could compete. If that is legally questionable but they can invest most of the capital as credits for Azure products, they ve effectively done the same thing without it clearly being coercion.Microsoft invested in OpenAI and OpenAI has become a huge success. That s all to it. They offered them a deal with azure credits, profits etc. and OpenAI succeeded. They could have failed and doubt anybody would be concerned about MSFT s deal with OpenAI...It is not like Microsoft forced OpenAI s hand there - they could have gone to Amazon. For a new OS, Microsoft this spent decades building an ecosystem and marketshare in the enterprise space. MS could pretty easily make sure none of their services work on the new OS. They wouldn t be fully blocking the new OS out but it would make it an extremely difficult challenge.They could but they won t due to their high market share and public outrage. That s the whole point. If Microsoft tried to ask for 30 from any Windows app installation then would be in a huge legal trouble immediately. Hell, even bundling Windows Media Player led to some fines...I can have any store on Windows and I don t need to pay Microsoft a thing but if MSFT will try to use Windows API to make Steam work worse than Windows Store, that would cause legal trouble for them. My understanding is that part of the OpenAI investment was in Azure credits. That may technically be legal, but it blocks any competition in the space and defers paying taxes on the value of those credits.But here is the thing - OpenAI went to Microsoft and agreed to that deal. They could have gone to AWS or GCP.
I m not the author of the book, but I bought and enjoyed it quite a bit. Ruby to Elixir, by Stephen Bussey. He s also written a book named Real-time Phoenix which I also found pretty helpful.
Do you know anyone working on this for real ? Synthetic biologists so to speak. I ve looked into this before to no avail.
AWS also purposefully makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot. Case in point that we were burned on recently - set up some service that talks to a s3 bucket- set up that bucket in the same region datacenter- send a decent but not insane amount of traffic through there several hundred Gb per day - assume that you won t get billed any data transfer fees since you re talking to a bucket in the same data center- receive massive bill under EC2-Other line item for NAT data transfer fees- realize that AWS routes all traffic through NAT gateway by default even though it s just turning around and going back into the data center it came from and billing exorbitant fees for that- come to the conclusion that this is obviously a racket designed to extract money from unsuspecting people because there is almost no situation where you would want to do that by default and discover that hundreds to thousands of other people have been screwed in the exact same way for years and there is a documented trail of it 1 1
To me what the author is getting at relates to All the world s a stage, and all the men and women merely players , or the movie American Psycho.
If workers refuse to wear masks, then whose fault is this?!It doesn t matter whose fault it is it remains the employers responsibility to ensure that it does not happen, if necessary by dismissing the worker concerned.
Yeah because they go back to their old habits..it make sense, but that doesn t mean they didn t lose weight.If you want to lose weight for the long run you ve to eliminate the environmental, habitual and emotional factors that resulted in gaining it in the first place.
I m willing to believe the explanation for this particular case, but I find the Cancellara video to be much more damning, and a pretty strong hint that mechanical doping has found its way into the highest levels of the sport way he just smokes everyone around him without changing his cadence, standing out of the saddle, or even changing the expression on his face seems at least a little suspicious.
You re confusing having a carrier-unlocked phone with having a phone that has an unlocked bootloader. The two are completely orthogonal concepts you can unlock the bootloader of a phone that you received with a subsidy by signing 2-year contract with a carrier.The point is that, once I ve bought the hardware, nobody should be able to tell me my that I can t flash my own custom ROM on the phone.
There are so many ways to have fun where your money goes to support creative expression, or fitness, or some other positive end. Gambling is about extracting money from people who desperately need it, at a much faster rate than most other entertainment options, and specifically deceiving those people by hiding the price tag to prevent a cost-benefit analysis.
Novels on Kindle are bad enough in this regard, but they are head and shoulders better than anything resembling a textbook--particularly if the textbook has anything like mathematics or code in it.I ve started seriously contemplating going entirely to scanned, pirated PDFs and simply mailing the author a check the retail cost of the book. I d love for technical books to start rendering PDFs for multiple common ereader screen sizes. Journal articles are too much to hope for.
You know me? I am considering taking CS as a part-time education, but I have no intention of becoming a software engineer.
If you re pragmatic and interested in being happy, I would recommend knowing as little as possible. If you keep learning, there s a point at which you ll know far more than a most people are capable of understanding. From that point forward, communicating with most people will become progressively more challenging and less satisfying. The finite pool of people that you can communicate with effectively will shrink. To survive in the world you ll need to actively work at dumbing your initial thoughts down to simple sentences that don t require a broad range of knowledge to understand.
This is going to boost the bike and sneakers sales... at least until the in-bike and in-sneakers ads. D
So the solution to this problem is common knowledge by now, isn t it? Separation of concerns, different abstraction layers, MVC at least the M and C parts , even OOP interfaces. These after all should be known by all CS professionals.The article seems to be just a piece of history. What am I missing?
Scott McNealy sold Sun to Oracle for 7bn Yes, 20 years later from the point in time I m talking about. Steve Case sold AOL to Time Warner for 164bn 3 billion isn t cool. You know what s cool? 164 billion is cool. Ev Williams sold Blogger to Google for an undisclosed sum Obviously I was referring to Twitter. John Sidgmore sold UUNet to MFS Communications for 2bn Brainfart -- I meant John Morgridge. Ross Perot sold EDS to General Motors for 2.5bn in 1984 dollars! Yeah, but that s when 2.5 billion was real money.
I ve got a covid baby, born June 2020. We re lucky enough that she was able to start school at 3 months old, and since then basically every adult she s interacted with excluding us parents, but including grandparents has been masked. These days her and her classmates are starting to wear their masks more often, but it s not fully required until she s 2. She seems well adjusted, social, super playful, and loves exploring the world as much as any kid I ve ever known.I also grew up in the era where you were never ever supposed to use your real name or upload pictures of your face to the internet, and have absolute disdain for this weird webcam culture where people insist on seeing each-other s faces while interacting with them.I think the rise in racism and other forms of hatred on the internet ties directly to the increase in people making photographs of themselves central to their identity. I m actually kind of hoping her generation grows up with less emphasis on appearance. Maybe we have a couple years here with a few less narcissists. Only good things can come out of such developments IMO.
Excellent point. For those who don t read latin or want to google translate it, the literal latin translation is Who will guard the guards themselves The phrase is more commonly translated as Who will watch the watchers
Office 365 reads your data. They just don t advertise against it because their ad business isn t significant
IIRC, most of the survivors simply waited near the bottom until landfall, then walked away. I think many of the victims had a choice between jumping or burning, but it definitely seems like a burning envelope is survivable if your part of the cabin doesn t catch.Maybe the focus should have been on making the cabin nonflammable. Suspending the cabin with an air gap, and lining it especially on top with serious fireproof and heat-resistant lining, might have done the job.
mininet, which this project uses, appears to be written only for linux?is this project linux only?
Clearly I cannot drink from my glass as the one in front of you is poisoned knowing that...
i do london - sydney every year for vacation. i usually stop 2-3 days on my way there or when coming back. SIN or HKG usually. both beautiful places.when i can t stop i buy lounge access and make sure it s fitted with showers. usually in SIN as it s one of the best airports in the world.and i always take sleeping pills xanax with me just in case.if you follow my advice you can make it a bit more bearable even with economy.
I remember that Kaspersky helped to investigate some of cyberattacks perfromed allegedly by western agencies. Could not these articles be a part of revenge campaign to punish them?And another thought, if we cannot trust foreign AV software, does it mean that every country must have at list one national AV product? Or maybe it would make sence to make some special API for AV software so that it can check files and processes but cannot send data to the Internet?
What are some positive approaches to interacting with the fundamentalist mind?
Thanks for the info, it had not even occurred to me that you could possibly be from Russia. I m curious, do you agree giving a bread to a homeless person in general, or in Russia specifically makes sense?
The only purpose of coinbase is for Russians to exchange BTC for rubles. If they determine rubles are useless and begin using BTC directly for transactions, e.g. this pelmeni costs .000009 BTC or whatever, then BTC has proven itself as a safe distributed currency system. This already happened in other countries, the next few weeks will better illuminate if it happens here.
I give it a C, maybe a B if you re entry level.
To be fair, if it doesn t break, you never know.
Just out of curiosity, what is the alternative to using p-values? What should researchers really be doing?
As someone who has bought all of GTA games and the extra episodes and add-ons over the years it saddens me that there hasn t been at least one single player expansion for GTA V. I have absolutely zero interest in GTA Online but have completed the single player story multiple times both on Xbox 360 and PC.I imagine it s far too late in GTA V s lifecycle for them to announce something now, and it s a real shame.
Have sent an email, please add me to the alpha
I built one of these years ago, didn t use that that much though. Totally supersed by radio these days.One interesting use of free space optics is working around legal issues. At least in Australia the Telco act via reference to the Radiocommunications Act only goes up to 420THz which is red colour, so free space optics can be unregulated.
I agree with much of what the top-voted answer says, with the exception of the criticism of wchar_t. wchar_t is not equal to utf-16 it is supposed to be a type large enough to store any single codepoint. Environments where wchar_t is utf-16 simply have a broken wchar_t - when wchar_t is ucs4 then it fulfills its original purpose.
I ve definitely been feeling deflated. Every angle I ve come up with... some project has narrowly shipped before me. And they gain so much popularity so quickly that mindshare per project becomes a power law overnight. It s like the first person to release is at the top of the App Store, and there s no unseating them the feedback loop is already too powerful. It very much feels like first to release wins. And I swear, the quality of the code I ve seen in some of these projects that are getting thousands of stars is abysmal. It s making me think releasing vaporware in order to capture mindshare, then actually building something valuable is the only way to compete.
Comparing one of the most famous opening lines of speech in American history to a specific few sentences from the middle of a novel? Sure...fair comparison.
Well, algorithm aside, it s his fault, I blocked him first thing when I joined because I don t want to watch the daily elon variety show. He s not funny, he takes cheap shots at progressives and has awful engineering ideas. Not a great follow.
The problem is that society is already used to, and largely bored by, VR. For most consumers this will just appear as the latest and greatest in what is ultimately a meh novelty. With a prohibitively huge price tag to boot.There will absolutely be some enthusiasts that will enjoy this and later versions of it product immensely. There will be well-off early adopters that treat it as a shiny new toy. But unless they release a Vision S with a 1k price tag, this is probably not going anywhere.The gap that needs to be crossed to reach that value proposition is absolutely massive.
Lovely. Since I started working with Django more than 10 years ago, anything I want to start is with Django. It s the most beautiful framework I ve ever seen and worked with after many years of ASP.Net c asp php java Ruby etc.Thank you for for such a treasure you all give to the world.
Hey, great that you re interested in Solid! It might be me not having paid attention, but I think I haven t come across this earlier. It might be interesting to share this on the forum as well, to get the community s input if you already posted there.
what about quake3? Does it need assets belonging to id software?
We are making it impossible for anyone but sociopaths to run for office by believing that abusing them is the key to getting them to behave well. This attitude is as responsible for our state of affairs as everything else.
Directly addressed in the article.
Exactly - nothing is for free. They explicitly state that PCC data gets destroyed after a response is returned.Are the anonymized queries minus user data context worth anything?It s gotta be some kind of subscription per query charge model to pay for the servers, electricity, and bandwidth.
The whole psychology part is what I was thinking of too. I do NOT want a car payment, as I feel like these sorts of games hide how much you really are paying. And car dealerships are a business, so they encourage this sort of behavior for a reason likely to get as much money as they can out of you .
I recently bought an iPhone due to peer pressure after using pixel for years. I think the ux is better on android, every common function takes more gestures on iPhone. Typing this comment reminds me of how annoying it is to edit text with an iPhone. I think there was maybe a time when iPhone ux was better but maybe not. Still I feel better from the perspective of pure vanity when I pull the iPhone out, or those blue texts show up. It sucks.
Another Option to play games on Linux is Geforce Now. I try to avoid Nvidia products, but with this service you can play some games on Linux which are not supported natively or via Proton Wine.
Unfortunately, the big reason why Seattle is getting so expensive is just because there are lucrative jobs to be had here. Same reason why Silicon Valley is so expensive, but still on a smaller scale at this point. I think we re going to see more and more of this the cities with a lot of jobs getting very expensive to live in, and the cities with fewer job opportunities staying flat or even getting cheaper--because their economies are dying.So, unless your income is very high, to avoid having your income canceled out by the local costs, you will either need to find a rare high-paying job in a low-jobs, low-cost city, or find rare low-cost housing in a high-jobs, high-cost city.Not that this isn t already the case--just saying, I think America s jobless recovery is going to make this effect more extreme in the near future.
There was nothing to bluff. The employees would ve been hired by Microsoft and OpenAI the company would ve had nothing but sourcecode and some infrastructure. They would ve gone down quickly.
I think we can agree that my 60 second test wasn t very scientific nor was it meant to be , but I m confident that the result is still typical of the type of savings you d see using a more controlled process.Since we re nitpicking, I might as well point out that you can t cut out portions of a jpeg either.
Second that.
But that s the problem of the people listening. They are the ones looking for some advice and an opinion. And why not respond as the celebrity any of us probably have appreciated being asked our opinion on things.Also celebrities can do good things. Bill Gates is a celebrity in a way , and has helped us a lot with vaccines and pandemics, and that s definitely not his historical area of expertise.
Hmm this makes me wonder what did our previous generation of computer people do that had all this evil blue light blasted into their brains? They created things like Google SEO, affiliate linking, facebook, twitter, pop-up ads, malware . . .
Apart from just matching devs with opesource projects, they should also build a system to help out newbies.
well, the term is at rest. so an index in memory is probably not encrypted, just as they decrypt the data to be send over the wire also encrypted, e.g. via HTTPS, which I think the SDK uses under the hood .this isn t a big deal since sensitive user data usually is a terrible choice for a key. you get hot spots. but i m sure there s someone out there using SSNs as a key...
I actually emailed the FCC 1 last month and asked about offered to try to make this available to more consumers. A realistic MVP would be an FCC-operated wrapper for Twilio s Line Type Intelligence API, so that any consumer could find the carrier responsible for any US phone number. That s not perfect, but it s a great start.One step better would be that plus a unified contact form - basically, the process I described here, but without needing to find the carrier and then map that to a contact. The FCC already operates a robocall reporting form that goes to an FCC-operated Zendesk, but reports don t go to the responsible carrier.The FCC did not reply. 1 Loyaan Egal, Bureau Chief of the Enforcement Bureau the person most often cited in robocall enforcement actions
This is truly remarkable. Those of us yet to have submitted to YC now have an additional reason to do so. And it took a foreigner to do it. Po.iticians should take note, because this is how you stimulate an economy and innovation.
The cloud is not going to replace local storage until low-latency, high-bandwidth internet connections become widespread and you can do iSCSI or similar with your cloud service. This is not going to happen anytime soon.Until then, clouds operate on a best-effort basis, some of which rely on hacks or break common use-cases I can t put a Git repo in iCloud for example, and it doesn t perform well with lots of small files, and accessing the iCloud folder from the terminal apparently has problems . Why is iCloud still not a supported target for Time Machine, Apple s official backup solution for macOS?
The Venn diagram of developers who can t successfully use an ORM, but can write their own sane, well formed, normalized data access layer from scratch using just SQL are two entirely separated circles
Well when you put it that way, of course. But it s not that simple.
Native species are part of the ecosystem. All coevolved in the same place for ten thousands of years at least, maybe millions, eventually creating a structure where each piece is connected with the other and fine tuned to produce the maximum value and extract the most products from our machine. Non native species is not the same term as invasive . Lets imagine that the letter H in your black keyboard falls off. If you replace it by a blue key from other keyboard you end basically with a functional keyboard. Sometimes non native species fill a empty spot and restore a lost system functionality without affecting the other species. Sometimes they even boost the whole machine. A good example would be a native tree from the forests of Kazakhstan that is everywhere, the domestic apple tree.Invasive species would be like replacing all the keys in your keyboard with the letter H. They turn the machine basically useless. Instead to work with the ecosystem, they destroy it, eliminate most species, and replace it by a much cheaper version. A worse system that is more simple, less stable, and has barely the minimum functionality for us to survive
Very nice Rails-like solution! I m looking into breadcrumbs for my app, but unfortunately I haven t been completely good about nesting my resources.
I don t have an answer for you, but maybe it stems from some sort of idea of identity? Maybe the car sends a message authenticated with your license ID. Cars are hand waves able to authenticate the validity of a message. If you send a message saying you were in a collision, that comes with the side effects of saying you were in a collision - emergency contacts and police may be notified, maybe something pings cars registered to you to see if it was actually in an accident based on sensor data. Your insurance rates may go up. If it turns out you were lying, maybe your car gets flagged for repairs next time you try to re-register your tags. Or maybe you are flagged for trolling and you get the boy who cried wolf effect.
It s not disingenuous, the Higgs mechanism was theorized in the 60s
Seriously. Seems to me it s the old NASA that would pick a name like the Escape Vehicle . The names NASA picks always strike some kind of chord of passion in me.
Those ones are pretty thick, by watch standards, and the teeth aren t the smallest. I think from memory the thickness is about 0.25mm, but I would need to get the calipers out when I get home.Accutron is where the really small engineering comes in the wheel is about 25mm across I think but you can t really see the teeth with the naked eye. has more details but the level of accuracy and detail needed to machine that far outweighs the stuff that rolex do even now.These index wheels were mass produced, and I still don t know how they did it.
If you re calling me a murderer then you re welcome to try. But generally, yes, I do think in extreme cases the death penalty is warranted for serial killers and the like.
There s absolutely no way you ll have worse performance with this vs React. The app is modifying the target elements directly, not recreating the whole page with innerHTML. React will do the same amount of work at a minimum, and that s after rebuilding the whole tree and diffing it.The main bottleneck here are the synchronous localStorage calls happening in the render path, they could be moved to a separate timer.
I ve been studying on the continent now from the UK for the past year and a half and I ve mainly used TransferWise to send money. When I first used it about a year and a half ago they took 2 to 3 days to send money, now if I order in the morning I usually get it just after lunch. Incredibly fast and competitive rates for low prices.For example Natwest charge you something like 30 to send money within the EU urgently within 1 to 2 business days. Their slow one take 2 to 4 days and still costs 10. By contrast TransferWise charged me 2.50 last time I sent 450. Presently TransferWise offer a GBP to EUR rate of 1 to 1.3404, by contrast Natwest offers 1 to 1.3077.
You re getting downvoted because you are making a strong contrary claim with no evidence whatsoever. It s the equivalent of two kids going Yes it is! No it s not! Yeahuh it is!
the merit of the DMCA is to curtail incentive to engage in infringement on an industrial scale.But that is not what the law says. It is written in much more broad, general, terms. If they get them to say that in court then it would be a huge step forward.
to create PNGs from icon fonts like Font Awesome.Would you consider an extra slider for the corner radius? That would allow to download icons with a background which is not completely square, but also a squircle or circle maximum corder radius .
From JC the exactly predicted off-by-one-frame-of-latency input sampling happened I m assuming this happened because the game, starting with an empty input buffer, queued input for the subsequent frame, rather than use the input as-is and process it right then and there?
Why is private equity ending up with all these resources?Most of the cash 50-90 - changed through time to time comes from the banks - leverage, the investing commitments to the PE firm by e.g. pension funds and private invetors, take only a small portion of the equity. The leverage enables the high returns of PE funds, the high debt burden on the company incentivizes the PE firm additionally to make the bough company more efficient and profitable. But this has changed through the last few years. PE firms are starting investing more of their investors money, due to lack of banks providing big loans for big transactions.
This isn t true, there are a ton of companies that make lots of money while not being pieces of shitAMD is pretty good at having open source drivers, supporting Linux and Wayland, working with Framework to make an upgradable GPU in laptops.
It might sound conspiratorial, but when the WTC was attacked in 2001, the Internet slowed down a few days after. We ll probably never know, but I assumed it was deeper surveillance being implemented.Every time an outage like this happens without a following postmortem, I wonder if it was a surveillance oopsie.
That was the straw that broke the camel s back for me. Turning your back to the developer ecosystem is always a mistake as Twitter has also had to learn the hard way.
I haven t read much on physics before. My favourite thing to do on these stack overflow sites or on specific tags is to go to Questions - sort by score, and just read through the top questions and answers. It s a bit hidden away because they want to steer people to the active questions, not to established ones.
I totally agree with this. I feel like we generally treat children badly a complete lack of respect, they are not treated as equals , it s just that typical children put up with this.A lot of this poor behaviour is a rational reaction to treatment that an adult would never put up with.
I agree that Heroku s response is pretty unbelievable and their engineering choices very suspect. Reading the email chain between Tom Adam really drives home how badly this has been handled by Heroku.Heroku is massively crippling its own product with random routing. Other cloud providers have been able to get this right, and Heroku very obviously knows what kind of applications are running on its server e.g. deploy a Rails application, Heroku says Rails in the console . It would not be difficult to apply different routing schemes for each type of application.Given that this has been going on for years now, Heroku is either acting with pronounced malice or incompetence. Any competent engineer would not be satisfied with switching the routers over to random and calling it a day. How could that have possibly been approved, then remained for years? They must not have realized what a grave mistake it is.The 1 thing they should be doing right now aside from damage control is to move the routers over to round-robin routing. Random is the most naive scheme possible and is laughably inappropriate for this situation.See for yourself using this simulator
Thank you everyone.After my pretty dismal launch about a week ago, many of you messaged me and provided everything from business advice to technical advice to moral support from those who ve been there before.This is my gift to you, use HN50 when checking out to get 50 off any server plan, for as long as you wish to keep the plan, including annual plans.Again, everyone, thanks.Edit Currently all my 1270v3 machines are out of stock, and so are my 1230v3 SSDs. I m waiting to get more in stock, but I still have quite a few 1230v3 HDD left.
I personally think this is awesome. I don t wan t some git hosting startup to be the arbiter of morality for society. The engineers, designers, and PMs shouldn t have an outsized voice in society because they have a specialized useful skillset and ended up on a successful product.If these users are breaking laws, then put them out of business via the courts and sieze the assets the repos in this case via legal means. Otherwise why would I wan t gitlab to have anything to do with this process?The tech unicorns screwed themselves over BIG TIME, the second they stopped claiming they were just infrastructure and platforms and got into content moderation. They will now forever be a pawn of whoever has some power and has some agenda. It s an obviously unwinnable game for everyone involved besides maybe some politicians.I don t want this to become a Joe Rogan debate but Naval Ravikant got this exactly right on his Rogan Interview
These huge banks have simply become way too big, and it serves no one s interest but their own. They have zero incentive to provide actual customer service anymore. There needs to be a massive restructuring of our system to allow smaller banks to thrive and provide actual competition.Thats not the plan though. Now that they have IMF d almost the whole world, they have no one elses pie to take from... so they are turning inwards. In order to do this, they are murdering and executing 1 American Psycho reference, but lots of literal truth there too their way to the top, but not just in banking... in all industries. bayer-monsanto being a good example .What we need is anti-trust anti-monopoly laws to actually be enforced... oh wait... the same bankers that need regulating basically own congress and many more. I ll never forget looking up my podunk Texas congressmans public financing and wonder why so many NY banks were donating to him. Until we find a way to start fixing congress the closest to the people of the 3 branches this will just happen again and again. 1 after hunting terrorists for the government in my youth, I ve come to the conclusion that bankers are the real terrorists. Financial terrorists.
This software mitigation technique for Rowhammer could also be useful for improving the reliability of programs running on microcontrollers in high radiation environments, e.g. satellite in Earth orbit.By maximising the Hamming distance between binary values used in enumerations enum variables and boolean variables, one could detect if the code has entered an invalid execution path and then trigger a watchdog reset, e.g. an else statement or a switch statement with a fall through case that would not normally be reachable.
Some other fun takes on Tetris Tetoris AKA Tetris HD 1D complete with high scores!
I don t think people pretend to like startups. People like to have their problems solved, and it s hard to gain their attention when everyone is clamoring for attention.This is anecdotal, but I found it much easier to tweet something to someone 8 years ago, and get some feedback. Now, you re lucky if you get a response back.
Awesome, can t wait to dig into this. Nice work.
I don t really get the point of this. Perhaps I m not the audience, but the only way I can think someone would find it at all amusing is to assume it s poking fun at mathematicians.Is the implementation particularly difficult?What am I missing?
This is written with the idea in mind that a lot of HN users are both informed about and highly skeptical of crypto web3 my impression . I actually understand much of the critique, but I think it s not giving credit for a few things that are cool about smart contracts a You can enter arbitrary computable binding commitments with strangers. This is powerful, it makes all the difference between non-cooperative and cooperative game theory. b You can separate the creation of web services from their upkeep. You can deploy a smart contract as a weekend project and it ll stay available for the community to use without you having to spend further resources. A plain smart contract without a web front-end is admittedly not user-friendly to access, but there are already several projects trying to provide a front end in a similar fashion eg blockchains meant for hosting web apps, or uploading apps to IPFS .Is any of that strictly needed, in a developed country with trustworthy institutions? Well, we could argue. But I think hackers agree that those are at least cool things to tinker with. And to those worried about environmental impact the above doesn t apply to Bitcoin, and once Ethereum has switched to PoS, none of the relevant smart-contract-enabled chains will have that problem anymore
Thank you. That photo made my night. So that s what all these bins of clothes are for!What brand treadmill is that? Is any particular brand best for a treadmill desk?
Dismantling expenses should be a negative number for any mostly metal structure other than a nuclear reactor. All that steel is worth something.
The context is that there s a lack of trust about the system being stable and implemented properly. Hence why it falling over proves them right.
If this were the case I would argue that the bigger problem is the apparently very easy accessibility of client data to employees.
To treat them any other way is to call into question the foundations of progressive enlightened ideology. Movements, ideologies, and factions all must have a point of departure, and this point is predicated on assumptions. Liberal Western thought wanted equality but needed to remove god as equality under a godhead was undesirable . Enlightenment thinkers felt free to say and do as they wished, so they formalized the feeling into an argument of the universality of rights. Whether they are god given or inherent, they must exist for the rest of the progressive framework to maintain its structure.The question i find interesting is, how long will people like me get away with believing that rights come from rifles?
I have fond memories of using edlin on MS-DOS 3.x. Similar system, but of course no remote access to the system there.
Are there any fundraising efforts on recoltes et semalles?
Yes, that is exactly my problem. I enjoy the smoking process.
No. Just like we will not see professional graphic design, 3d modeling, circuit layout, or physics simulation on a mobile phone.Why? Because a phone is fundamentally a consumer s device, not a producer s device.Just because you can tweet or upload videos to YouTube from your phone doesn t change that fundamental nature.It is designed for the masses, not for specialized power users.
Haven t lived there in 30 years. Which ones? Guessing Orange Mall, maybe some in Garden Grove or Santa Ana?
Wow, I just watched the video and was surprised and delighted to see Roberto talk about Pallene typed compiled sister language for Lua . Fantastic!
The kernel version supported by zfs is available on the release page.0.8.2 is Compatible with 2.6.32 - 5.4 Linux kernelsYou have to combine out of date zfs with bleeding edge kernels to have a difficulty.Basically you just check the zfs release page before upgrading x.y to x.y 1This could be trivially avoided with packaging
This is rad. It s an early monday morning and I m listening to what would be late night wave anime radio in Japan. Really cool idea and solid execution.
I m glad that tools like this exist, I wasn t aware of them, thanks
I m a high school math teacher, and I think statistics education is desperately lacking in graduating seniors. I think the space for it should come from cutting pre-calculus as a yearlong course though, with some of the concepts backfilled to Algebra 2.There s nothing a basic Stats 1 course needs calc grounding for perhaps Riemann sums under a normal curve but that s more for deriving than the concept itself . As it stands now, AP Stats is used for kids that don t want to progress to an AP Calc, but want a math or need to hit a school or county requirement.
We have a new 800 pound gorilla intent on screwing us over.
Don t forget to append visionary to your profile! It s all the rage these days.
Would you mind linking to more info on either that device or its rockbox support? I m having trouble telling if I m looking at the right device with a different name or what.I d love to have rockbox running again, my last player died years back. Unofficial support would be fine as long as it works decently well.EDIT Found it, it s the AGPTEK Rocker v1 or v2 same insides apparently , or also the Benjie T6. I could not find a T2 at all.Found from
These are precisely the reasons I want a smarter phone. Taking pictures of my kids and navigating around town. We also listen to children s stories in the car using Spotify so that too. Banking I could probably work around but it s possible I m just not realizing how much I use my phone for these types of things. That said, I have zero social media or scroller apps, outside of HN.
Similar ends, but different means. Vagrant would launch a full-blown VM likely on the order of several minutes , whereas fig ing will start a container on the order of a few seconds .
Energy density and cost have almost no correlation. Gasoline is less dense, but I can package a gas generator into a small box for very little cost. Uranium requires a giant reactor the size of a small town and costs billions. MWh is the only real metric that matters.Edit
Ex Amazon here. I ve done a lot of interviews and I ve never seen candidates being refused an on-site interview for having extensive Windows experience. Still, the hire rate would be really low. Most would have little knowledge of what exists outside of an IDE OS internals, system design, networking.
You can t be talking of Spring Framework!? That s a 2000 s solution in particular Hibernate trying to stay relevant.
Specifically it s the intermediate certificate that expired.
Is there any evidence that the elections are being manipulated somehow? The gap in polling vs. results is simply incredible.
I don t usually write responses and I don t have much time to write you a detailed explanation of history.But are you aware that there are living black people who still remember segregation and Jim Crow? It wasn t that long ago.The idea that just because recently you decided to treat niggers like human beings, they should instantly have the same level as people who were never treated as subhuman in this US of A, is simply unadulterated pure stupidity.
I imagine if you open the Spotify app and it said that it s a subscription service and you must have a Spotify account to login and listen to music, and nothing else, the vast majority of people would figure out to check their website to sign up.I m not so optimistic. I d presume a nontrivial number of people would be confused and leave a 1-star review. I can t imagine how many people are confused about how the Kindle iOS experience works.
Before this, how did third parties add functionality to Safari? For instance, the button 1Passwoed puts in the toolbar and the item it adds to the context menu for form fields?
There better be a follow up article about license revoked, and charges filed.
One day everyone will realize, Apple is one of the most toxic companies ever.
Hypothetical timeline An agent born in 1904 tainted a Soviet cipher in 1926. That agent then recruited other assets before retiring in 1973. Unlikely? Sure. Outlandish? Nah.
That comment umatrix is built into ublock origin now, just enable advanced mode in ublock.I have advanced mode enabled and don t see anything remotely resembling the uMatrix source vs type grid. There s a couple overly cryptic allow block other columns with rows corresponding to the source and that s it as far as I can tell. No css image frame etc columns in my UI.
Are they actually moving there though, or just speculatively investing in real-estate, and or using it as a means to off-shore their wealth?
What s in this for Legalist?From their home page All legal bills covered. Litigation is expensive. Whether it s attorney s fees or that expert witness report you need to prove damages, litigation costs can add up. When you re backed by Legalist, you don t have to worry about unexpected legal expenses. Focus on growing your business, and we ll take care of it.I m always skeptical of assurances like this.
This isn t pivoting. This is smart marketing to the right audience.Never mind the fact that Pivot is yet another startup buzzword, pivoting is what Instagram did 0 completely change their app from check-ins think Foursquare to a simple photo sharing app network with filters.For even more info, this TC article 1 is a possible start of the Pivot buzzword trend. 0 1
I understand the synopsis of that article correctly, I don t think that concept applies here. Unless I ve got my history wrong, our dominant standard for what s considered free software or open source, the Debian Free Software Guidelines later repackaged as the Open Source Definition, wasn t the result of some kind of broad consensus among developers, users, and or distributors. As badsectoracula pointed out 1 2 , source-available licenses with restrictions used to be more common. But Debian was always strongly aligned with the FSF s ideology if I m not mistaken, it was originally funded by the FSF, and of course, the full name of the main Debian distro is Debian GNU Linux. The unusual foibles and preferences of specific people who are firmly in the history of FOSS are not relevant factors here. The relevant factor is drawing and maintaining a strict definitional lineMy point is that this strict definition reflects nothing more than the MIT AI Lab hackers elevation of their freedom even at the expense of others, as in chapter 5 of _Hackers_ to an ethical absolute. Of course, most of those hackers outgrew that, but Stallman didn t, and he successfully spread the idea that all generally useful technical information, including software, should be freely available. And, if I m not mistaken, that s where the DFSG came from. Since I didn t spell out part of my logic in my original comment, I will here given that his nearly-forgotten campaign against passwords was obviously hopelessly naive, we should be open to the possibility that the same holds for the idea that software should be free for everyone to use. There s been a massive push in recent decades towards permissive licensesFair point. And I admit that this has made me stop and think about my choice of license for my own primary open-source project, AccessKit 3 . I was quick to permissively license that project from the beginning, before I considered funding. As it turned out, most of my development on that project so far has been funded by Google, which also specifically requested the Apache license I went with the Apache MIT dual license common in the Rust world . But in any case, I think a permissive license is actually the best choice for my goal with this project, which is to encourage and help developers to make as many GUI applications as possible accessible to disabled users. So yes, I want frictionless adoption above all else, but I think it s for a good reason. If a massive company used my project without paying me, I think I would consider it a net positive, because at least more applications would be accessible. But then, it s possible that by choosing a permissive license, I m further poisoning the well, because I m making more software available to freeloaders who would otherwise be obligated to pay someone not necessarily me . FWIW, I m thinking about developing an AccessKit-based module that has more of a niche use case a screen reader for platforms or embedded devices that don t already have accessibility support , and for that, I might go with a dual copyleft commercial licensing scheme. 1
but for me, Lua is just far more elegant,It s curious... Lua is my favorite language due to its elegance, but I would love it even more if it used significant indentation using tabs, of course instead of end blocks.
but threads get you the same thing with much less overhead.That is not true, at least not in general, the whole point of using continuations for async I O is to avoid the overhead of using threads, the scheduler overhead, the cost of saving and restoring the processor state when switching tasks, the per thread stack space, and so on.
IPv6 allocations are generally 64s, or 56s, and are typically blocked as a full range.Individually blocking IPv6 addresses, as 128s, would indeed be futile.
Yyyyyyyes?First day on the internet?
I m on a 12.9 iPad
I ll have a crack at auto-converting all gems into debian packages if someone can point me to the this is what debian packages need to look like spec. Or the CPAN module- debian package converter that I recently heard about OSDC conference. Email drnicwilliams at gmail.com
I almost wrote this same comment. At this point, I m probably going to be soft-retired in 4-5 years anyway. But once I know I won t die homeless, I m excited to get started with this capitalism thing.
A friend wanted to know the nitty gritty details of how this new Photosynth works. I don t work on it, but I saw a talk on it this summer and I ve worked on similar projects, so I wrote up all that I know can speculate.
Every now and then this comes up. There was a thread from a french nuclear scientist explaining why this isn t what you think it is.I can t find it but the gist was that the power density is low and the price is several orders of magnitude too expensive like trillions of dollars .
Laws in my country basically destroy ed the blogging scene. It is a legal risk not to put your address on the blog. People do not want every Billy on the Internet to know where they live with precise address, just because they want to participate on the web. That is one thing. The other thing is missing knowledge. Many people don t even know what a website consists of. I am not sure I want more people to have shitty blogs on medium or similar websites.
Is the NYT lawsuit cartoonish too?
Does it drive anyone else crazy when they see begs the question used improperly?
Otherwise, the whole point of democracy one human, one vote is useless, as the rich can simply buy ads to influence enough people to follow their goals.As they ve always done through the media? The hardest thing to swallow, for some people, is that democracy is deeply flawed, and these things openly show it. Until now they ve been free to ignore it.
It s a consequence of excessive land costs. If the lot costs half a million, it seems appropriate to put a big fancy house on it. This leads to too much house for the lot.Most people s idea of a house is rather conservative. It includes slanted roofs and modest sized windows with small panes. If you build a modernist steel and glass house with stone elements in a suburban setting, you may get a writeup in Architectural Record, but it will be hard to sell.
It actually doesn t sound reasonable, I have no idea what they re talking about.
I usually did not either. However Netherlands and Germany have been an exception. In the Netherlands every mobile provider shoo me out of their shop refering to yallo or libera. I had an apartment and was staying 2 months, so this wasn t the issue. And Germany was essentially the same except I only tried with 3 or so providers.Most tourists still pick one of the shitty providers available at the airport or train station and go with that. Some of them provide a faster verification do you can walk out having internet, in Austria if you buy internet at a supermarket it s uncomplicated there it can take a few hours to verify.Or Italy, if you arrive in Venedig you find ads for internet packages everywhere. I actually needed to go to the mainland to buy a a normal SIM. As no one on the island acknowledged the cheaper packages available.My point is, it s complicatedSource I ve spent months if not years with my laptop In Europe and Asia and internet always was the 1 priority. I also do not know if things are better today
Automate Medical Eng Remote Full-timeWe re looking for people who want to show up to the future and we re building a founding team for the future of health devtools. We have an open core Plaid for health product that you will help us build. Company formed at start of the year by ex-YC founder group of 3, raised 2M at the start of 2021 cumulatively, we ve raised nearly 20M in our careers so far You will be employee 1 and help us launch Plaid for health You will alter the trajectory of our R D work with rapid prototype developmentWe want to work with people who are Authentic and opinionated with a story to tell Thinking about the future a lot these days An ex-founder or a future founder Deeply technicalBonus if you know what FHIR, HL7 V2, X12 are, tell us when you apply.Our current stack includes ES2020 JavaScript TypeScript, Fastify, AJV, Next.JS, React, TailwindYou can see some of our open source work publicly on GitHub and at docs.sero.run Apply by emailing founders automatemedical.com
Well, as a german it seems I have to get straight to the point The Joy of Reading Books You Don t Understand It seems you didn t even try to understand The Culture Map, and opted for a strawman. I do not think, thinking in stereotypes this broad is helpful for communicating.You re trying to use it as a cookbook. If you instead see it as a dictionary to be used when someone you re interacting with isn t behaving the way you had expected, it will make more sense. We can still be unique flowers with a wide variance, even if cultural regions have shifted medians.
Assuming you are aware that NocoDB claims to support MySQL, Postgres, MariaDB, SQLite as well as SQL server, what was your suboptimal experience with MSSQL?
Would you like to share something specific that helped you get better at effective note-taking?
I don t think the problem evaporates if it s inherent. Let s say, for the sake of the argument, and women are on average more intelligent than men. If that s the case, we should still run programs to encourage men to explore higher learning.I guess what I mean to say is that regardless of what the source of the problem is, the solutions are the same. Battling against problems of socialization is done the same was as fighting against problems of inherent difference.
I ve been using the Certificate Patrol add-on for a couple of year and I ve noticed that there are periods of time during which Google s certs change very frequently at least as seen by my browser . The last week or two has been one such period. It seems to be switching between certs from Equifax and GeoTrust multiple times per day. been thinking about installing the EFF s SSL Observatory - a sort of distributed cert pinning and comparison plugin.
I am not sure if you deliberately chose Agile as an example of something we all agree on or you are taking my example to the next level. Either way you get an upvote from me - .
Wouldn t SpaceX be amortizing though vs their satellites and rockets too? They must have had to invest a significant amount in R D and supply chain setup already to figure out aerospace grade electronics. It seems like the terminals, despite being extremely impressive, would still be much easier and could reuse some know-how than what they ve needed to deal with for their rockets, capsules, and satellites? And they re definitely aiming pretty mass market with millions of terminals in the US alone.
CRUD
I m curious about people s experience with Justworks does it scale effectively after a certain size? What are potential drawbacks?
For relevant reasons, I m more concerned about having my hard-earned money seized through civil asset forfeiture than my house being robbed by some random criminal.
My understanding is that all chargers, GaN or not, are required to use a transformer to electrically separate the primary wall input from the secondary charger output . So a fault directly connecting you to the wall circuit should not be possible with an authentic charger.
I d love to see a product social network that confront their users with opposite point of views.Something like ? Indeed it is a fantastic idea for a site, but how can you hope for people to be open-minded when even HN is a big echo-chamber?
If they were a US only operation then fair enough - it would seem silly to sue them here in the UK.That seems a bit odd in a legal way. If a user breaks into Google servers, we don t care where the server is located. Why should the location of the server matter if its the server operators that do the crime? Shouldn t the same laws rule everyone equally?
Was not aware of PixelExperience - thanks.
Yes, vinyl is more inconvenient, expensive and may even sound worse unless you have an expensive audio setup.Well, the objective sounds quality is always _worse_ than eg CDs. In the same sense that lower mp3 bitrate is always worse in some objective sense. But often the sound engineering and mixing is done more carefully for vinyl and aesthetically you can prefer whatever you like.
Isn t this what you want?
War will always be evil, it s usually just about whether it is a necessary evil.
I think in 2016 there were a handful of occasions when I thought shit what s the time and didn t have my phone out or wasn t sat in front of the computer etc. It s not about an expensive watch is a good watch but do I actually want to wear a sodding watch?
flagged
It can be much easier to separate people from their money using the App Store model.As soon as you throw up a long-ass payment screen, where I have to fill in name, billing address, CC info, etc, a lot of people will bail, both out of distrust for you and sheer inconvenience doubly true for platforms with meh text input like phones and tablets .Compare with integrating with a payment service that is almost guaranteed to already be set up correctly and is a single password away from transaction.
while the Buy Hold got 5 .Yes, I got 6x returns compared with the market.
Here s funny video clip of their study, running servers outdoors.
It s so easy to play the cynicism card that everything is pandering to mob rule, but if you listen closely many of Obama s major speeches lay out his governing philosophy. I m a bit too lazy to dig up exact quotes, but his you didn t build that speech is a good example. Also parts of his victory speech just last night, and his DNC acceptance speech. It s actually kind of funny that you say he never lays out his governing philosophy, because one of his biggest criticism was that his speeches are too high level and never delve into specifics. Just goes to show that people will rationalize whatever position they already believe.
This is not what the author said. He said that you should give up on the industry , and you d have a better chance of creating a best-seller on iOS than landing a job in a studio.The math requirements are very different if we are talking about triple-A games vs an iOS tower defense.
It was Netscape in 1999 he got flown out. Documented in Code Rush, which is an awesome documentary for anyone interested in the history of the Web
Yeah - it was I m Stanley Kubrick and I don t know how to make an orgy look interesting.
Century? Hell, no - up until 1970s the USA was distinctly industrial powerhouse. As were nearly all other developed economies.
Part of the Merlin s qualification testing involves feeding a stainless steel nut into the fuel and oxidizer lines while the engine is running a test that would destroy most engines but leaves the Merlin running basically unhindered.They re not running it through the engine, they re verifying that the filter is installed and functional so it doesn t get to the engine.
Thanks for your comment. They go hand in hand, worth considering next time though.
We updated from Rails 3 to 4 1 month and a half ago. Our Gemfile has 138 lines and we have 70 models. We updated everything and did a full regression testing to fix all the new bugs within a sprint 2 weeks while also working on a bunch of other tasks.
That is exactly what got my attention. I think the problem with USA s insurance is not that it is private, but that it is really expensive.I ve been taking son analysis myself ultrasound, x-ray, endoscopy, and had a surgery some time ago. All this amounted to 2000. And that s because I chose to go the private route in my country Mexico . I have no idea how much would I have to pay in the USA for all that... it scares me.
Every time I hear or read what Greenspan says I become more and more convinced that his goal is to bring down the system ala Atlas Shrugged style. These are not the words of an objectivist, they are the words of a statist. Or, at very best, an extremely pragmatic capitalist. Dude is trying to bring down the whole Money as Debt and Corporatism system in on swoop.Note to the strikers Bring me with you.
Haven t Motorola Mobility been resold to Lenovo ?The sale is in process and is expected to close by 2015, but, for now, it is still accurately described as Google s Motorola Mobility division.
Framing it as human psychological experiments evokes famous psych experiments like the marshmallow test and the Stanford Prison Experiment. Tech companies run these kinds of experiments occasionally I believe Facebook is known to have tried to manipulate mood with a Newsfeed change , but I feel like this way of describing it masks the fact that 99 of large scale A B tests are things like- We slightly changed the color of the submit button- The forward button was removed from the context menu on chat bubbles- An infrastructure change reduces the load time of the comments on articles by 10ms- The weekly ad relevance model update is being certified, yielding a 0.000001 increase in CTR for small segments of the market.On average, much more mundane than human psychological experiments .
Ugh, I realized I misunderstood your comment above. I agree with you.
Depends on if you re trying to write native apps, web apps or use something like phonegap.If you re looking to write native apps, Android is open-source, and iOS closed source, but they ve got a lot of documentation available, albeit verbose at times.
These are amazing, have you considered authoring for something like Lynda.com ? Or make a site with lots of screencast, as a beginner I would pay to have good Angular JS video tutorials from an expert.
Pro players train with AI and you can often see blue dot moves in tournament settings.
Hmm, I m not sure if people in the western world can use it but in South Korea with a 1Gbps network this is basically unusable.It has too much latency, text doesn t get entered, scrolling doesn t work, etc... Is the experience from US similar? Or is this just b.c. of server latency?
do any of the canadian carriers not allow upgrades at the two year mark with a three year contract extension, of course ? i know rogers and telus both do did .
You don t have to be using anything.That said, there are a lot of great applications of AR, and surely more to come as people began to see it in use more broadly.One idea that struck me as a great use case was something my son came up with while we were watching something on TV with subtitles on. The subtitles were being rendered in such a way that they blocked the faces of the actors in the scene, making them pretty annoying.His idea if we had AR glasses, not only could we render the subtitles off screen through the AR glasses, but those in the room who couldn t stand having subtitles on in the first place could just watch without AR glasses.There are lots of tiny little ideas like this that start to make the idea of AR pretty interesting. Whether those ideas work well in reality, I don t know. What I do know is that once it starts becoming more widely used, the potential of the tech will likely become even more obvious as people develop novel ideas that hadn t yet been considered.
We do something kind of similar, only in reverse, with Prisma and PostgreSQL models are defined in Prisma and TypeScript types are automatically generated for use in the client . It s been a pleasant developer experience, though we do not have any realtime data needs yet we just do basic polling for the few parts that need reactivity based on database updates . I wasn t aware of the Supabase realtime PG project which was discussed here, so thanks for bringing that to our attention!
Modern equivalent don t text or email when you can call, don t call when you can speak face to face, don t speak face to face if you can winkyou see powerful people following this advice all the time, like with Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch s tarmac meeting. He flew in a plane to talk face to face just to ensure it wouldn t get recorded.
My travels have tended toward trips that are too long for Greyhound to be an option. NC-TX or NC-MN are more expensive than even non-discount airfare and take more than a day vs less than half a day...
This mirrors some of the results of the Housing First program in the US - and similar elsewhere are quite a few analyses of the results in Utah, which saw a substantial reduction in homelessness.
I still have some hope as I see some group of people started to tackle this space in different angle. Stop approximation as a product, wrap approximation around logic and output the exact result. ChatGPT or Avatar AI is literally approximation as a product.
How? I would be very interested in a solution for that, past the obvious and insecure hash each character separately .
If you like bread, sucks to be you. Bread is a filler for when better foods are scarce or too expensive I would say it s not part of a good diet.If you think that then it sucks to be you. Good bread is a joy.
This guy runs Baltimore, and throwanem, you re done in Baltimore! This has to be the most unintentionally funny HN comment thread I ve read. I m sure throwanem is shuddering at the potential loss of a 90k Senior LAMP job offer.
The summary section says Research has shown that students who use digital technology excessively are less motivated to engage with their studies, and are more anxious about tests. This effect was made worse by the increased feelings of loneliness that use of digital technology produced. That s a very different conclusion from Internet use reduces study skills in university students
Instead of taking a moment and having a teaching opportunity the school has shown that it is in fact not worth the tuition. I guess a private school can do what it wants but without due process it s certainly not acting in accordance with Christian ideals.The filing of a lawsuit itself suggests that the school administrators have clearly failed.My experience is that it s always the parents who make things worse.
Yes Porsche has started with this, they have 800 V batteries, as you said batteries themselves are the practical limit at the moment but both larger batteries as with trucks and new battery technology can help to lift that limit. There are enough engineering challenges at 1000 A I don t think we will see higher currents than that for a while!
fMRI thought-crime enforcement bureaus
Love this way of learning about tech. build one yourself the truly noble way would be to try and build without having seen the specs, just from a description of what it does, but that d take ages .However when it comes to implementations, the real hard part of the whole Bitcoin affair is where the gnarly details hide, namely consensu, and it is missing at this point.
I wish more trails I walked had fast, hard, short vs slow, easy, long, pretty route markers - and not necessarily in that combination! Sometimes a long trail is long because it s pretty, sometimes because it has low grade. I ve walked with people in crutches and wheelchairs, warnings that this trail has steps have been invaluable and really annoying when missed .
Canonical
You can get a smart watch with battery life over 30 days Garmin Enduro.
It doesn t really need to make it to the sun, as long as it leaves orbit and goes into deep space
Secondary staircases are often steeper to save money.
Having been through dorm life in a decade past, I have to agree, it really is a consumptive experience. Being around a bunch of other 19-and-20-year-olds all day is only insightful in the sense that you get to see how poorly everyone, including yourself, actually tends to function at this age, and without good role models to know what you could do differently.I find an increasingly strong case to be made for going the community-college-then-transfer route since it brings together a bunch of points that affect most students in some fashion Cost obviously Transitioning to independent life less pressure to be a study machine rushing through the degree Indecisiveness about career and motivations easier, less stressful classes Going to a tough or prestigious school allows you to tell a certain story about yourself, but it usually doesn t lead to well-roundedness, which sets the stage for that common story of a high-achieving student who gets on the perfect parent-approved career track and then abandons it - whether in the middle of the degree, shortly after the first job, or after a few years of work - due to burnout.
Look into the history of the Netflix Prize. There were two main factions, those who used only the data provided and those who used metadata about the films.The Wikipedia page on it covers some issues around the privacy concerns.
There are more charitable reasons, I agree.However, the skill of being able to black-box a process is not distributed evenly. Something goes in, something comes out is simpler, and yet it requires a mental parallelism that we often don t realize can be more sophisticated than using domain knowledge to serially sound out individual concrete steps and conditions until you find a way to close the conceptual loop.Architects and PM s take flak for not being technical enough because it s generally true that the map is not the territory. But having been there, it can be like watching engineers run a maze without a map, and refusing to either accept a map of the maze, or share a map with anyone else.It s BFS vs. DFS, and they are approapriate for different types of problems. UML in totality is not always helpful, but the most powerful aspects of it can be disruptive to team anti-patterns, and I think this is part of why it has lost a lot of traction.
Calling critical theory fashionable nonsense is itself fashionable nonsense.
I was about to recommend the same! So good, one of my favourite computer music pieces and an early inspiration. -
If he were unfit for office, he would have been removed. He wasn t. I m no Trump fan nor voter, but it s pointless to keep posting opinions like this pretending they are facts.It s the continued little lies like this that helped add up to 74M votes 12M more than 2016 . So if you really want to see him in office again, keep it up.
An uneven earnings history can play out quite badly in a divorce as well. There is some attempt at fairness in the law, but it s not difficult to fall through the cracks and end up with an appalling result. It s kind of like smoking--you probably won t be unlucky enough to get a worst case, but if you do, it will be quite awful.
Location San Diego, CA Tijuana, Mexico Remote Yes Remote only Willing to relocate No Technologies C , ASP.net MVC, JavaScript, jQuery, LESS, CSS, Bootstrap, WCF, Entity Framework, Selenium, SQL Server Résumé CV Email tjbarbour gmail.com I have over 10 years of professional experience with skills in UX UI design, system design, project management, mentoring and other team lead skills. The departement I m working for deals in PKI and Security so I have good exposure to those domains as well. More info at www.tjbarbour.com
AT T with HSUPA spearheaded that, T-Mobile followed but was better able to actually argue it as their HSPA implementation was faster due to use of DC-HSPA 42mbits .ITU relaxed their definition of 4G to allow for significant upgrades to 3G technology , so blame them for everyone jumping on the bandwagon
I like it - And I would use it. I didn t know many of these existed.
I need a way to tell it that I want my calories to come from 60 carbs, 20 protein and 20 fat.I also want it to include protein in every meal.And as few simple carbs as possible. Fruit is fine-ish, but no processed sugar. Bread-like things should be limited to whole grain if at all possible.How do I do that?
Are you going to let the dictionary makers know?
sdfh史蒂夫
UBI is nonsense socialism campaigning for the votes of the uninformed We ll just give everyone money. Nobody will demand more and the promise of more money won t become the key election issue as governments directly try to buy off their citizens for votes. Nothing can go wrong. Huh why would you do that! AI! It s like a comedy but it s not actually funny, just full of clowns.
Or they could go public and avoid the problem entirely. Let s not pretend there aren t other alternatives.Public, Open markets are there for a reason.They cost more, but are more ethical.
These problems are more typo syntax-based rather than logic-based. This!I was hoping for a list of logic and organization structure errors.On the idea of editor feedback, one thing I find frustrating is that hardly anyone teaches how to read error messages and stack traces. That s the most important thing because as a beginner you make tons of errors and you see them a lot! Books and tutorials don t show any errors, so when you inevitably make one it s hard to figure out what exactly you did wrong.
Hi there,We re adding that feature shortly! We think having the ability to see notifications on-device is key.
Most Asian languages are alphabetic and or syllabic all the south Asian languages, Mongolian, Khmer, Thai, Korean, etc quite apart from those that use the Roman alphabet like Malay.Only a few have the difficulty you describe though it Is a big one.
They US government requests they have challenged are not credible legal requirements, and there is reliable due process to challenge them.Belarus s legal system doesn t afford them this luxury.
For me it was by joining a capital P Profession.I m not familiar with this phrase. Could you clarify?
You won t buy the car outright, and you won t drive all those 875,000 miles. You will rent it as required and others will use it the other 99 of the time.Look at taxis Uber and think about what portion of the cost is licensing Uber s cut in their case , wage and fuel.
It will be one of the deadliest A B tests this year.Or, as I saw in one conversation among my friends - I thought that the UK is a rational and science-driven country.- Yes. And it is why they ve offered themselves to serve as a control group.
Germany as well
It s not.
To be fair, Rhode Island is all syrup no pancake.
This doesn t really work if the image is a meme that has been scaled and converted millions of times.
This made me laugh gopher gopher.frog.tips 0 JOB_OPENINGS
Retail flow is almost always unsophisticated. Decisions are made with a much smaller subset of the information available at any instant compared to active market makers, hedge funds, etc.
Looks similar to the AP Computer Science Exam and not like a contest such as the IOI. The test is simply testing whether one knows the language syntax and not Computer Science in general.This is a Programming exam and not a Computer Science exam.
What I m saying, or more appropriately asking, is whether your impression with the OP s project is inspiring you to change your actions in the future towards being impressed with yourself in similar ways.It doesn t seem to be.So if I take your advice and imagine what I could accomplish... that just makes the feelings of discouragement worse.You listed two things to keep in mind. For me the first one actively makes the negative feelings worse and the second one doesn t really apply.
If you ever get a chance to see Abbi Patrix tell this kind of tale live, grab it. He s great. Web presence is mostly French, but he sometimes performs in English too.
More like slavic, but sure, let s go with that - the native British are more like German people.
I don t pray, go to the temple, or do anything regarded as practicing Buddhism, however I went through a very rough patch in life and I have to say Buddhism helped me out ALOT. It helped me learn to be calm even when the entire world relatively speaking is on fire. It taught me to navigate tough times with dignity, and come out on the other side stronger and in faith that things will be good.The Buddhist concept discussed in this article is one of the 3 marks of existence in this article it is referred to as Anitya however it s synonymous with Anicca 1 1 -
Absolutely. I did the math recently to come up with a comparison for how many people heart disease kills. Suppose the Columbine massacre had never stopped. Rather, all day, every day, the same rate of death kept happening as during the 49 minutes of the attack. You would need 5 of those continuous attacks ongoing at all times in order to be equivalent to heart disease in the US.
The allegations could have been real or trumped up pun not intended . We won t get a chance to see that day now.I m no fan of Huawei or the PRC Regime, but the theory of the case against Meng Wanzhou was made in Canadian court by Crown prosecutors.While they were just trying to argue that the US government had a case to try, and not guilt, the judge found the US case to be a bit tortured and convoluted.So while we are deprived of a legal outcome in US courts, we do know that the US wasn t exactly trying Wanzhou for crimes against humanity regardless of those she or her organisation may or may not have committed .More information
When I tried just now, both links gave me the expected result.
I mean, that s your prerogative, but why settle for ads at all? Especially from a browsers that blocks ads from advertisers who don t pay them?
Seems to work fine since we re dropping in the exact same implementation instructions as would have been there otherwise, and using the same object too. That way, any ivar references still correspond to the same positions in memory.
Interesting. I ve never used volatile , would you mind explaining how it works in this case?
From the article it seems like the app is scraping. Why? The Facebook Graph API should be able return all this data. That Facebook prevent scraping, which is most likely conducted by some scamming services, is a good thing IMHO considering most all? of the data is available through their API. If this is the case the title should be Facebook prevents scraping as Facebook still allows export of data through the API. The Facebook Graph API usage is managed by the specified permissions for the app and thus you can control it to a greater extend compared to a browser extension which could do whatever it wants to the pages you visit and your authenticated session.
C went from The English of programing languages to The Latin of programing languages .There s still a huge amount of development being done in C. If anything what bothers me is not the lack of innovation in programming languages per se but the relative lack of innovation in program representation.One of the benefits of using text is you get a huge number of tools that work with it, without the things that are par for the course these days like vendor lock-in. It d be interesting to see new efforts in this area, but there s a huge barrier to this.
I actually like writing documentation, even if I m not great at it yet, but I struggle to be able to do this well for other people s software. I feel that project documentation, to be done well, has to be part of the project itself.Half the time I start writing documentation for a feature I ve built myself, I go back and rework the design based on what I learned from trying to document it. It s rather enlightening to write Here s how to do this thing that you ll do 100 times a day... , and then discover to your horror that it takes 14 steps. Oops.And when you try to document the why and how of most open-source projects, it very often comes down to historical accident and it s like some other ancient system you ve probably never used either . There s a lot of features where I d just write This next dialog box is useless, so just hit return , or This thing you have to type is completely nuts, so just memorize this nonsense .I believe that s why third-party documentation O Reilly books, The Missing Manual series, etc is so successful. It s a lot easier to write tactfully This is dumb, so here s how you get past it , than to go back and fix the feature. And nobody wants to write documentation about their own software that says Yeah, I know this thing you have to do here is dumb, but hey, it s only a 1.0 so please don t hurt me.
It s written in Elixir.Maybe it s just a grass-is-greener thing but the more Kubernetes I have to stomach, the more interested I become in BEAM languages like Elixir.Not like they re alternatives exactly, but I get the feeling that the BEAM way is to solve the ops problems in a way resembles how you solved your dev problems. More holistic, less ad hoc.
It looks like it s an exploit technique where the stack is modified to set up malicious calls to functions
Enclosed stairways are the default in a lot of countries. I prefer having a single enclosed stairway with fire-doors than multiple stairways.
One of the better blog posts I ve read
I ve tried to reproduce monthly payment amounts and found it s incredibly difficult to match the bank s calculation.They could be compounding interest at a different rate. They could calculating the daily rate one of 3 different ways. I believe there can also be differences based on the grace period for making payments.PMT doesn t account for any of this - it s just simple interest.It s worse for commercial real estate loans than residential. In my case I gave up trying to reproduce their calculations.
No it doesn t,Velocity landing should be above stall speed, albeit slightly. No one wants the airframe to crash slam into the ground.Source Aeronautical in a previous life
Yes, that s true, and I guess something that gets as many views and upvotes as that comment is normally bound to get some criticism or misunderstanding anyway Thanks again!
The bash users on freenode are right on that one. Everything in the wiki you linked to is documented and everything is explained clearly.Another very good resource is the O Reilly book
Mirror flips front and back actually. You are facing north towards the mirror. Point south, reflection points south. Point up, reflection points up. Point north, reflection poins south.Left right flips because it is calculated relative to up and forward, the latter of which has flipped in the mirror.
Regardless, I do wish products containing them were labeled better. My dad is allergic to most of them. We nearly had to make an ER visit after he ate some pickles because Kosher decided that they suddenly needed to put artificial sweetener in their pickles.
I would expect them to keep the files for some multiple of the publicly-stated restore deadline where the multiple 2, if for no other reason than as a goodwill generator.On the other hand, keeping copies of the user s data after you say you ve deleted it doesn t sound too ethical to me. I don t expect immediate purging, but I also don t expect potentially sensitive files to linger for months after they were supposed to be deleted.I think a better system would be to warn about big deletion events e.g. send an email to allow the user to revert it within the 30-day period.
POWER has been better performing than intel since basically 1990, though intel s tick tock cadence and trading blows in fab tech have kept things interesting. That shouldn t be surprising since POWER is ultra focused on the high end and intel is fending off attacks from the low end and never had good long term thinking on the high end.The reason every server isn t POWER is ecosystem. For any random company, switching archs for anything less than a multiple factor gain is a daunting multi-generation proposition. For a hyperscaler like Google the bar is a lot lower but you need a compliant vendor that will do a lot of the long haul platform work. IBM s been trying to establish that for many years and is just about to pull it off. Supply chain is also important, hyperscalers have come to expect buying and building systems a certain way and IBM will now just sell chips or even the IP for you to fab yourself. And of course the total cost calculus capex, and opex in the form of TDP, support burden.Google _will_ be using P9 for GPU servers internally. The inflection point for them was I O and memory bandwidth. So, paradigm shift was what was needed to turn a juggernaut.. and that is what adding a bunch of accelerators to your platform is. Intel has no good solution there.
That would only lead to a possible cause of action for the driver or regulators against Tesla, but of the two cars in that crash, I doubt there s any way the outcome will be other than the operator of the Tesla is the one legally responsible for the crash which I think is the correct outcome as well as the most likely outcome .
Are they also working with sub-par equipment? If so, put in a request together with them. Otherwise, put in the request yourself. If they turn it down, look for another job and put this one down as a contracting position. In my experience, employers in this industry pretty much never ask for references anyway, in the UK at least.
Aha, bingo, that is why big companies love that. It kills the smaller, more agile competitors. Big monopolies will just pass this right through to the customers. As long as customers don t have an option to use a non-American carrier they have not choice.
A transistor is an analog device. Digital logic usually has them operating in either an on or off state, and this could still be the case if a second power rail was added.
I ll call it Rick s law Roughly every 4-5 years, Li-ion battery prices will halve
I actually love having the dash off to the side. My eyes need to adjust focus less, and the clean symmetrical interior is gorgeous in my opinion.That said, the BYD airliner-inspired interior looks great too. I am probably buying a BYD after I m done with my Tesla, though not because of the car itself. The Tesla car is terrific, but the Tesla service is horrible.
For something that _is_ like Make, but with shell scripts see shmake from Steve Donovan
One factor is that CPython is constantly being rewritten.Exactly. I have an impression that the programmers as the whole already spent significant time only to develop and maintain different solutions only to manage different Python versions and dependencies in production environments, which were maybe much less needed exactly with some better discipline in the Python development itself.On another side, Python won many hearts over Perl 5 which is much more stable, but appears to be harder. Interestingly, Perl actually forces a programmer to care more i.e. be more precise the reference to something requires different notation than the direct use of something, the use of the array requires different notation than the use of the scalar etc... it actually has some kind of typing enforced by the language and explicit in every line. In my personal experience, I have much more trust in a biggish Perl program than in a that big Python program to behave exactly how I d expect it e.g. in the sense that Perl doesn t produce as easy exceptions and whoever wrote it had to think more about the correctness than for Python, especially if use strict was used, which has stronger guarantees about the typos in variable names than Python . Going further, however, C-like actually Algol-like compiled languages simply allow much more than the scripting languages, regarding the smallness of what is eventually produced. E.g. Busybox has to be written in C or something very close to C. Free Pascal is actually also very practical language for many use-cases.
So GoFundMe meets Kickstarter?I think with some ideas, something innovative, you can build it and they will come. This is not that.
I m not sure there s an awareness the effect a down vote can have on someone new here. I remember when I made a comment after joining and it got a down vote. I didn t comment for about 6 months.The fact that down votes are silent makes things worse. Great, you ve been down voted. Why? Ask why, down vote again. It s almost a recipe for gradual shaping to conformity of group opinion for anyone who wants to participate here. It can then come across as say these things, don t say these things and you ll be sailing.I don t know, perhaps an explanatory comment should be encouraged so that real education happens. Otherwise its almost Pavlovian in nature, especially for the less confident and highly anxious.
That s just dumb. You re way more likely to get murdered in rural areas, thanks to poverty and the opioid epidemic. farm machinery, weather and flooding, animal attacksSuburbs are worse too because of car culture. Public transit, walkability, urban speed limits freeway-connected suburbs and dependency on cars.
something so abhorrent as to warrant cancelling someone s job This is what laws around hate speech and discrimination are for. If some mob seeking social looting doesn t like the laws and wants to cancel someone based on their mere preferences of what s abhorrent, that s just too bad. That s not how protections of free speech work.
Nothing Bjarne says would be censored on NPR. Being a jerk is totally allowed and should be. As is pointing it out.
Hmmm, the 1980s was before I was born. But according to records, Smalltalk-80 was implemented with a JIT machine.See the paper Efficient Implementation of the Smalltalk-80 System , which suggests that code was generated on the fly.
No, it s correct.
This right here. Doesn t completely solve the problem, but at least gets rid of the obnoxious sound.
dead
Assuming your developers have malicious intent is a bit strange for me personally. But I get that some companies may have this structure in place.
These are bold claims that goes against a large body of work published in many scientific journals, unless of course you are talking historically, in which case I agree with you, but that has nothing to do with modern psychology and validity of personality psychology in particular.What you are describing here is the placebo effect, and it has been studied extensively. Almost all forms of therapy and medicine has to pass a double blind study which controls for the placebo effect, to be considered an effective treatment. These are most of the time replicated effectively often time with published meta-analysis of dozens of replications. The studies that don t replicate are called out during these meta-analyses. These debunking meta-analysis are rare, but do occur. If what you are describing is a reality, you would find many of these meta-analyses and there would be a pretty massive crisis in the field of medicine.Like I said, this is a bold claim that goes against the established literature, I think you ll need quite a bit of evidence to convince me.I m not disagreeing that bad science exists within psychology. Of course it does, psychometrics being one of these. But I would argue that it is becoming more and more irrelevant with a generational shift inside the field. I m also gonna make a bold claim here and state that intelligence testing is has already become a fringe psychological theory, that is going into the history books, along psychoanalysis, as an example of bad science that went nowhere.
How was the effort to migrate from DRF to Django-Ninja? I saw Django-Ninja mentioned in another post and am thinking of switching one of my projects over from DRF. After skimming their documentation, it looks very pleasant and simple and perfect for my use case.
And you think you are?Please remember - for every so-so developer from Infosys and Co., there s a mediocre sore losers like yourself, who would get thrashed in a globally competitive market.
I remember in the early 2000s mall arcades in smaller cities and towns were dying and many had old machines. In my town the most popular arcades are almost entirely 80s and 90s machines, many out of order. One is in business mostly as an attraction for the bar on the upper floor.
A few years ago, I started losing trust in Amazon as what was once a straight forward transaction began to look more and more like an algorithmic semi-scam. I would look for some item and the featured results would be 20 or more than the same item in some duplicated form.For many years Amazon s business model was to generate revenue off of straight forward sales transactions. Today it has shifted to rents and extractions. Prime is perhaps a good first example. Using it complicates transactions and Amazon can arbitrage the eligibility and price of items to extract additional revenues on the fly.However, textbooks are the prime of example of Amazon s new more extractive business practices. It s not just that Amazon wholeheartedly adopted the text book industry s obscene pricing models rather than disrupting them. Nor is it just that Amazon has extended the obscene pricing to rent out ebook versions of textbooks. No, the best expression of Amazon s newly found extractive business practices is in the availability and pricing of used older editions of textbooks on its platform. In the old days, Amazon was a steady source for fairly inexpensive obsolescent editions of current textbooks. Once Amazon seriously entered the textbook business, that seems to have changed and bargains available with deliberate search have disappeared.There really was a change of mindset with Amazon Prime. It was a manifestation of a business cultural value that all customers are not equal as individuals. Maybe it is possible to position an ecommerce site as an upscale brand while still selling Schenzhen s spinners and iPhone cases and unlisted electronics of dubious safety for 0.01.As I ve lost trust in Amazon, I ve started using Ebay for online purchases. Ebay is orders of magnitude more transparent. Transparency is a good way to create trust. It helps that Ebay s business model is not grossly misaligned with my wallet. It helps that the marker of trust is between buyer and seller rather than stars based on customer reviews. A seller with 10,000 transactions and 99 positive rating is a better indicator of an item s quality than 4 stars based on twenty reviews.
?All software is sold as SaaS today, because it s more profitable. The same will be true for LLMs.
I found the self-aggrandization on the part of the author to be somewhat grating, to the point I d not want to invest the time reading through it to get the insights.My retrospective is that the author just uses his and others experiences as examples. But he discusses both his highs and his lows in the book, and as such it really didn t rub me the wrong way at all. Maybe it depends on personal preference or how inspiring you find the actual content , hard to say. I ve also heard the stoics are quite goodMaybe that s a path to happiness, but I found the following point of TSAoNGAF to be incredibly enlightening and, retrospectively, fully in line with my experiences thus far Happiness stems from the act of overcoming challenges. It is expressly not some state you eventually reach, but a transient in the process of getting somewhere you want to be. Probably the main takeaway from the entire book for me is that the single most important thing for achieving happiness is choosing what problems you are going to deal with day to day. That s also the deeper point behind the title Choosing what to give and what not to give a fuck about. The idea of finding the right mental framing for the world around you instead of letting it rule your emotions is the same as e.g. the parable you mentioned or the stoics I guess .Ok, enough of my rambling. If you do read the book I m not set on changing your mind I d be happy to hear your thoughts on it, and maybe even how the ideas within compare to the ones from Taoism or Stoicism. I ll keep my mind open to the sources you suggested too.
Volunteer - non-profits mostly are not getting their usual donations during the pandemic, and are trying to keep their doors open just like for-profit businesses. If you can do anything for them, without expecting compensation, you help them stay alive.
And how are you going to distribute these certificates to your houseguests?
VLC also has a Python API.Google vlc python api.
i would not use a uid tied to the users account as a security precaution. never lend out more info than you need to. i would make it an user defined string.
I m hesitant to ID myself in connection to this blog post. I try to lead a very quiet private online life. Thank you for the response, though.
the near dead chemistWork around enough H2S and it will take you the rest of the way.My point is, it has enough problems with flagrant toxicity that containment of non-trivial amounts of it will be either massively expensive, totally inadequate especially in the event of an earthquake, fire, fire caused by earthquake... , or both.
cough I had a feeling... coughI ll just leave this here
Maybe try Swedx 0 . I dont know how good their TV s are but I know they have some dumb one available and should ship to more locations. 0
Do the mental problems and drug addiction of a brilliant musician detract from his or her music? Do you yell madman at a painting by van Gogh?Yes. Completely ignore the degenerates. There are many sober people who have made art and science. You should not allow mentally ill lunatics to define art, music, religion, maths or politics anymore than you will allow them to be your cab driver or spouse.Clearly science is about sobriety and not schizophrenia. I guess mathematics was hijacked by schizophrenics, music and art by depressed losers. No wonder you are out of touch with reality, practicality and are defending symbols which you think have magical powers beyond mere convention.You can also see this in physics with the string theory garbage, however unlike pure mathematics ... in physics people need to test experimentally. Yes, and in a sub-thread of the post you ve made it clear that you doubt the usefulness of mathematics.No, I said proofs were tautological and pointless and notation is useless. Formal mathematics is bullshit. On several occasions have I and others invited you to comment on very concrete mathematical constructions.Your sock puppets ?1. You were asking about fundamental theorem of calculusThis has a very geometric proof. Why would I have a problem with that ? I am all for geometry, visualization, simulation , testing ....2. A number puzzleI don t care for number puzzles. I will try to solve that number puzzle if you can write vietnamese jokes.
I read the readme but I didn t find any info about delivery guarantees. Do we know if tasks are guaranteed to be delivered once and only once, or if there is possible data loss or duplication?
It has nothing to do with clock cycles, it s about how the number of additions and multiplications scale for large matrices.
You need to find out the wavelength of the laser. Once you know the wavelength you can design a reflective shell around the projectile. Certain ceramics with proper coating are really good in scattering energy and are extremely resistant to heat.
Can I ask how you made money if the CRM was free?
Solution in python that parses infix expression from string and returns a list of tokens in prefix form. def parse s for operator in - , depth 0 for p in xrange len s - 1, -1, -1 if s p depth 1 if s p depth - 1 if not depth and s p in operator return s p parse s p parse s p 1 s s.strip if s 0 return parse s 1 -1 return s print parse 1 3 4 haha-5 2 3.14 4 5 Edit grammer
The core parts of Android that make it usable on mobile devices like power management and scheduling 1 aren t in the mainline Linux kernel last I checked. This is about getting Linux to the point where you can choose between an Arch, Ubuntu, debian, etc. distro for your phone. 1
a great many gifted and motivated young people are excluded from college for no other reason than their ability to pay, and we have failed seriously to confront the problem. I can only think of two people who came somehwat closeclose to this description, and they were weighed down by family obligations, not paying for college per se.I almost find it hard to believe in America that someone would be kept out of college by the price of admission. Many grants and scholarships are need based or partially need based, not to mention that many of the rest are achievement based so the High Achieving Student discussed here would qualify for those as well. Also, student loans are generally not hard to get.Finally, if they could not finance it in other ways this High Achieving student they could join the military. If you are active duty, 100 of tuition is paid and your salary will easily handle books. The Gaurd programs differ by state, but they pay most tuition. Also, if you accept a commitment ROTC will pay.If you need to support a family such as having a child while still in high school or being the primary caregiver for a sister after your parents died that might be a nearly insurmountable barrier, but aside from that I find it hard to believe a High Achiever would not be able to get into college for purely financial reasons.
These are all good questions, and I m not denying Ukraine is suffering.What I m saying is that they likely still will export wheat. The amount is the question. I m saying that the question is harder a lot harder than a quick Internet search on what percentage of world wheat production comes from Ukraine.
I really like my SE, replace my iPhone 6 with it due to form factor.
Then make it 3 of 3, it all depends on your threat model.For me, my biggest threat is loss, followed by theft, so it makes sense to have some redundancy even if it means reducing the security against theft.
Calling a contribution astroturfing is a fairly serious accusation, and signing up a new account to do it shows that I doubt you believe that.
Reddit has a mixer during the interactive section. I m going with
The right tool for the job is very opinionated. Clearly an awful lot of desktop devs think js is the right tool for the job because electron is everywhere and projects like this very one we re commenting on exist.My opinionated view on the right tool comes down to the distinction between foreground and background apps.I do think electron is not the right tool for the job when it comes to Spotify, because Spotify is something that mostly runs in the background and should be super performant.On the other hand I use vscode all day every day, and I m happy for it to use as much ram and cpu as it does because its always in the foreground - it s the main thing I m using when I use itEdit I should add I think we need to find more comparisons to continue this electron debate though. Vscode is always the hero and slack and Spotify are always the villain
Great article. Your experiences mirror my own.
Have you seen the O Keefe video where Russ Feingold, a Democratic challenger for U.S. Senate, tells a Palo Alto, California, fundraiser that Hillary Clinton might use an executive order to enforce gun control.
Not to nitpick but I don t think that s what s well known. The virus behavior doesn t change in the Winter. What changes is human behavior. We re inside less and inside more, and that typically means we end up in closer enclosed quarters with others.Perhaps that s what you meant?
The model-T is an amazing car even today. It had no oil water-pump that could fail.This is the reason you go back to simpler things, everything today is over engineered.That said the C64 is a better device to learn for since it matches the NES in more domains and is a real computer with a keyboard!And now it s easy to connect it to the internet for multiplayer games!If you really need to go Atari then 7800 is the way.
End of an era.I like that he sees that ActivityPub should be so much more than Mastodon. a truly universal timeline of various things on the internet.For that to happen we can t limit ourselves to just Mastodon, but start building alternative takes.Yes, some aren t viewable on other clients, but that s fine, then they just show a link, but at least you can reply reblog like items.
Hi, co-founder of Kantree here. We were not the one submitting and hadn t plan this for today but we re here to answer any questions you may have
It still makes a big difference when you are 85. Probably even more so physically active vs sedentary participants...at age 85 years, the 3-year mortality was 6.8 vs 24.4
In France it works the same as in the US or Brazil then in my experience, if the party is said to start at, say, 7pm it means that you can start showing up by that time but definitely not that you have to be here at 7 sharp. If it s a dinner I d expect most people to arrive within the hour or so, if it s just some kind of party then I wouldn t be surprised to see people arriving a few hours late . I would be quite surprised and probably not fully ready if I told a bunch of people to come to my party at 7 and they all showed up exactly on time.
Put the WSJ link into any URL shortener, then put that link into outline.
I think he s using big buttons as a shortcut for the difference between highly rich, detailed interfaces which present many options all at once, and more simplified , more intuitive interfaces which present fewer options, but where more work has been done to ensure they re the options you really, really need.At least, I hope he is. This is Ballmer, after all.
Why did you sell all of it? I sold as it went up as well, but I always held back 20 of my original purchase just in case this very thing happened...
I went to the ember.js home page, which looks a lot nicer than parent article. Looks pretty cool. Anyone have any input how this compares to backbone or knockout?
The CCP have turned that country into a fascist hellhole.They should be thrown out of the WTO.
What you should hope to be invented is better vaccines treatment.
Smokers pay higher life insurance premiums, right? Risk-adjusted health insurance premiums for preventable lifestyle issues is a great idea.Couple the above with with a ban on advertising pharmaceuticals and we would see a 50 reduction in per capita health care spend almost overnight.
I d say that English is easier to learn than most languages precisely because of that ubiquity , but harder to master. The analogy to PHP holds PHP is everywhere a lot of websites run on it , learning material is easy to come by, and it s widely understood most commodity web servers will just take your .php files and run them without any trouble on your part , but it will take years until you stop tripping over its quirks.
I m still not convinced that anyone is even working on these requirementsAren t stablecoins supposed to fix the volatility issue? I don t know how well they work in practice or how decentralised they are , but people are working on them and at least some of them aren t scammers .Even if the stablecoins themselves aren t easily spent with low fees, there are people working on decentralised exchanges and low fee blockchains and second layer solutions , so I m confident that it s not a lack of intention that is preventing this outcome from being achieved.
Systems with basic acc and lane centering, sure.But for systems closer to AP that claims to stop at the lights, take highway exits, etc , it s de facto industry standard to have dedicated camera for monitoring.
Meta employees may have not noticed or are still figuring out how to reactGiven that the cat is out of the bag, if I were them, I would say that it is now publicly downloadable under the terms listed in the form. It is great PR, which if this was unintentional, is a positive outcome out of a bad situation.
Thank you for the insight. That honestly really cleared things up.
You can t get the html anymore. You can download the dump latest one is enwiki-20151102-pages-articles.xml.bz2, around 11GB , and then generate the pages dynamically.See and the next section. There are a bunch of programs that can do various things, and if you re on a reasonably recent computer, you shouldn t have a problem dynamically loading anything. There s even a rockbox plugin, which I used for some time, on a slow mp3 player.
More fuzzing I guess.
Looking forward for the re-boost of nuclear space-technology so many scientific opportunities!
These properties can be inherited from model organization itself except difficult to understand for wrong reasons and doesn t work perhaps. So that s why I point to respecting to model , a more generic take imho.
Well... It reads like you are talking about side projects? The big question is Are you happy with what you are doing when you are doing it? Do you expect yourself to produce sth. at the end of this cycle? Or are you putting yourself under pressure, because others succeed, and so I have, too ?Sometimes, it helps to free your mind and your thoughts just by doing something completely unrelated to your daily routine read daily job . If you are at the 25-50 stage, personally I don t think there is something bad at just dropping it, and look for new challenges. At the end, it s your free time, and it s completely yours to decide what you are doing with it.Maybe, at some point in time, there will be this one thing which you will stick to, because it makes your heart feel happy in the long term. And if not, that s totally fine, as long as you had fun on the journey. Just don t put the I have to do finish it! pressure on you - as you already noticed, you don t work like that.Oth, if you are unhappy Think about smaller scale projects. Obviously, you cannot stay focused for a long time. So, you might want to pick smaller projects. Don t talk yourself little. Find something you can finish in, let s say, two months or something. A project that better suits a smaller attention span.
A complete Internet Archive Snapshot including schematics and video demo, in case the site is overwhelmed
where is this federated IRC you speak of?IRC has the ability to form networks of servers which share identities and chat channels. There used to be a few large networks and many popular servers were part of one of them. Back in the 90s being on IRC commonly meant having a nickname on one of these networks.
I agree it s a bit sloppy but understandable for me since legislation directives is where we Norway is most aligned with the EU. As adapting EU directives is a part of the EEA EØS deal with some exceptions .As for other central EU features like open market, currency, sovereignty particularly naval , freedom of movement, we are on the outside of the union and I wouldn t sloppily consider or phrase us an EU country.
Think Adobe Illustrator but for animationThat makes me think of Flash.
Bob had bitch tits.
There have been labs at my uni in non-deep RL or evolutionary robotics researching curiosity rewards a few years back, but I ve not seen something like this until this year.Is it just scale and more powerful NNs that is making curiosity work well now? The Montezuma and this Mario video look like a serious breakthrough to me non-expert .
Can you at least hint us the region you are from? Do you think it ll hurt you in your visa emigration process?When you say nationality gives zero advantage I think you re from somewhere that is regarded as worrisome by some prejudice-filled cultures, like you re from the middle east.
Google knows all this. I figured they re keeping the skeleton of a flagship, branding, marketing, and distribution as a countervailing threat to oems like Samsung that have played around with Tizen or thinking of going too propietary. If an OEM decides to drop play services or the play store then all google has to do is dump some money into their pixel org to make things move a little bigger and faster. Plus it helps to have a flagship when you re developing new Android features. Telephony features and dual sim was supported by pixels first, at least in a non hacky way
Yes, it would allow the following lowering strategy As written HandleMultiple 1, 2, 3, 4 As compiled var buffer new InlineArrayInt4 .AsSpan buffer 0 1 buffer 1 2 buffer 2 3 buffer 3 4 HandleMultiple buffer And if the argument buffer is not mutable aka ReadOnlySpan, C can simply emit a static RVA array embedded into assembly, a constant provided all arguments are constants too .Today, you can already do so without the feature with collection expressions e.g. HandleMultiple 1, 2, 3, 4 but C 13 will automatically switch existing callsites to the new params span overloads, reducing allocations and improving performance for free.
I m surprised that the mods still haven t done anything about the title.
That s even worse than I thought it would be. A cheap one will likely not do better. At least they picked the HAM bands smart so harmonics tend to end up in the next HAM allocated frequency range up. But SDRs being what they are there are no passive components on board to ensure the signal stays in its lane .
It s not beautiful because it s wrong and results in people continuing to be under an illusion. The madness that continues around believing people make their own choices and should be punished is the result of this magical thinking which should be eventually classified as a mental illness. Since society hurts people who had no control and when under this horrible belief.
americanframe will print and frame for decent prices.. twitter fb generally has discounts promos as well.
has a good visual history of the IBM logo. Make sure to click right arrow under the logo image.
It s trying to figure out if they re a J or a P in the myers-briggs. cc438 has the better than, but yeah, the guy is trying to figure out their work style.
yes because the matches were all-over europe so same people who were in a packed pub a few days earlier were now on a plane to some other european country to watch the next match.further, the borders remained open so people mixed at home and then went on holiday visited family etc. UK is a major international transport hub and also has a large population of Indian descent so we likely imported delta from India relatively early as a result and then likely helped seed it in other western nations.They should have put India on the red list several weeks earlier than they did when it was obvious for anyone to see what was going on, but they delayed for unknown reasons
If only Facebook chose to make less money...Seriously though, their choices to run the platform the way they have were fundamentally shaped by profit and the stock market. The type of corporate moderation you re suggesting doesn t exist.
Just gotta say it - KFC is a bad example here.It stands for Kentucky Fried Chicken, which is pretty much exactly their product.
Title should be If you don t work on software product, you re not writing code, you re solving business problems with code .
Did Newton speak French? I d guess not or not very well . His principal scientific works were written in Latin, which was the academic lingua franca of the day.
The first order function is evaluated at runtime, every time the program is executed. Macros are expanded at compile time, so they will be calculated just once. Thus the syntactic sugar added by the macro doesn t incur a time penalty.This can provide an important speed improvement for complex macros or code used often, in tight loops or frequently called functions it s like using inline methods in .h files in C .
Whenever I see these sweeping statements about a characteristic of Americans, I m always struck by how ignorant they are.
That yields, amusingly, a blank page for me right now.
Is there a non-homotopy type theory with univalence?
Django with HTMX Alpine on the frontend. Deployed as Docker container on a cheap VPS. It s boring, time tested but by Jove, does it get the job done fast.I m building a B2B2C marketplace in my free time and I m blown away by the practicality of this stack. Due to longevity of Django, every problem I encounter is just a search away. DRF makes it dead simple to add REST APIs. The Admin panel is a golden cherry on top.
I think most people would interpret it in this context to mean the time when smartphones were huge . Smartphones existed before 2008, yes, but they were insignificant compared to what they are today.
Protillion Biosciences Multiple roles hardware software Onsite SF Bay Area Burlingame We re an early stage 3 FTEs biotech company revolutionizing drug discovery with our technology capable of quantitatively characterizing proteins antibodies with 1000x more throughput than competing technologies. We just raised an 18M Series A led by ARCH Venture Partners and Illumina Ventures and looking to hire!Please see our website for openings -
The fine article states You can check whether there are open NTP servers that support the MONLIST command running on your network by visiting the Open NTP Project 0 . Even if you don t think you re running an NTP server, you should check your network because you may be running one inadvertently. 0 links to
This probably depends on the parent. One of my older brothers died when I was in 3rd grade. After that, the head vice was pretty much constant until my mother kicked me out at 14. Things rapidly improved after that.
As far as I know, and I could be wrong, ProtonMail wraps around pgp inbox encryption. Many providers have exactly this service already.The difference seems to be that ProtonMail don t allow you to use normal imap and your own client with pgp, but force you to use their client. This is probably a trade-off made to protect users against them selves in one way disabling encryption for grandpa and hiding the non tech-savvy from all the technical details.Again, many assumptions here.So, to me, mentioning proton here doesn t make sense as the underlying tech smtp pgp have existed and been industry standard for a long time. So there is not issue of adoption.
Me, yesterday Seems to me that continuing to count everyone who gets an Android phone or signs up for Gmail as a G user just invites people to pile on and point out how underwhelming G s userbase has been to date. can defend G being a beta release or fundamentally different from facebook and twitter despite aping tons of FB and Twitter features. What you can t really defend imho is the continued exaggeration of G s userbase. I d guess over half of the claimed G userbase has never touched it. Many have probably never heard of it.
Depends on the equipment. Sub centimeter with the right equipment and appropriate reference station. 3 meters, typically, with consumer equipment.
Just wondering, why the carbon? The X395 is equally light, and you can actually replace things.
A regular bike auto-steers away. The wheel pulls toward the obstacle, which counter-steers so that you will fall turn away from the obstacle.Reverse steering would just trip you into the obstacle.
Nirv s recommendation below is spot on, but here s a ready-made version as well basically a clone of Mozilla s, except enforcing only the very strictest encryption. You can just lift the first 16 lines out of that and merge them into your sshd_config if you don t want to change your existing sshd_config too much.
The Sims 3 does actually - . Though it s a bit less obvious, but look at the texts swapping in and out under the progress bar.
recent news reportsOf which recent news reports are they talking about?
From the security perspective, there should NOT be one. It depends on whose security you are safeguarding. That of the people, or a small number of services?In the world we are moving to online, scuttlebutt and MaidSAFE and others will simply LACK a back end that even knows who s logging in or what data is being sought. Protection of data would happen via end to end encryption. That is MORE secure than trusting someone to safeguard your data - not less.
Talk about tortured logic
Ok, it doesn t change the fact that since 2011, Congress has forbid NASA from working with and Chinese government organization without explicit approval from the FBI and Congress.
I worked in an open-office for a year and my experience there was pretty bad. I was in a deep-work, heavy focus department sandwiched between two walking paths we called our desks Review Island and literally anyone in the company including CEO could walk within 2 feet of you when they headed for coffee or water. So, you re on edge, your peripheral vision is a ton of people walking by. Then, the two departments next to us were very collaborative, they involved a lot of conversations...and yet, they also hated the open-office.People want to have conversations when they want to at other times, they want silence. I think there was an effect where no one wanted to interrupt others silence, so they just emailed or chatted when a simple walk-over-and-chat would suffice...if we had had more space and more individuals with offices, I think a lot more productive collaboration would ve occurred.So, in summary, the noise distraction was already so bad, we didn t want to make it worse.
what s with the title? edit was Yo lol
You re right. There s a lot of research and experience that suggests a well-developed rail network would have all sorts of benefits. We could take it a few big steps further and point to other problems like suburban sprawl in America, dying small towns, etc.But there are a couple of really big, really massive problems. We have trillions in existing infrastructure and trillions more in existing property that s been developed over the course of decades. A lot of that development has come with unintended consequences. Just look at Houston after Hurricane Harvey and how their development and zoning practices took the insane rains Harvey deposited and magnified their negative consequences. 0 Decades of short-sighted decision-making took a hurricane and made it worse. Some changes will likely be made, but they won t solve nor likely keep up with a problem that s only going to get worse. That ll happen because the alternative, demolishing huge portions of the sprawling concrete city, isn t economically viable. The city can t be moved.It s baggage. And there s so much more. Tens of trillions of dollars worth. Then there are existing roads, bridges, and other infrastructure connecting all of it. Designed for cars, and much of it legacy infrastructure that doesn t take into account modern infrastructure design principles. Add cities and towns, some of which are charitably in less-than-optimal positions. Towns, strip malls, and other structures that wouldn t exist if it weren t for suburban sprawl. Baggage. And then there s the people. People with ideas on what their lives ought to be like and where they want to live. There s a town, Centralia, Pennsylvania, that is literally on top of a massive underground fire that s been burning for over half a century. There was a massive relocation effort with federal and state funds. The town has no services, its zip code was discontinued in 2002, and it s still burning with all of the potential health risks that involves. There are still five residents there today, who have fought every attempt to relocate them. They will continue to live there until they die, at which point their homes will finally be taken and demolished through eminent domain. 1 If we can t bulldoze a town like that, we sure as hell can t take a bulldozer to normal ones.Baggage. What it means is that we can t simply replace everything. It can only be done piecemeal, which means new infrastructure must take into account the need to accommodate everything that was developed under the old. High speed rail can be built out in the United States, and I genuinely hope that it is. But it literally can t replace the car in its entirety.Self driving car research is--compared to the cost of major infrastructure replacement, let alone an alternative that simply isn t feasible--practically a rounding error. It doesn t hurt us, because the option was never a binary choice self-driving cars OR rail. Self-driving cars give us the ability to deal within existing legacy constraints as they re slowly adapted, modified, and or replaced. They also offer some long-term possibilities that will allow us to make radical changes in urban design. And yes, those changes are ones can accommodate rail, pedestrian-friendly city design, and other options that can drastically improve quality of life.0.
Chrome is perfectly happy with the cert
First, this is cool. As someone who studied Sound Engineering it s not often that you see this type of post on HN.Second - The scientific journal that published the article looks really interesting - The Journal of New Music Research. I wasn t aware of this. Now to find out if the local college library subscribes! looks like a future issue in 2011 will be a special issue on Music and Machine Learning
That would create a corrupting incentive for the USPTO to encourage and accept more patent filings, which is the opposite of what they should be doing.
EDIT I was wrong. Original comment Last I checked, encryption _is_ banned in the U.S., isn t it? So it s already the case that the government could selectively jail people for using encryption, as it sees fit.
I m so glad there are some voices of reason here. I don t get that view either! I couldn t believe I was downvoteed for that.Seriously, guys, if someone creates something that others enjoy and benefit from they can choose to keep it to themselves or distribute it. If they charge money for it they are entitled to do so and we should be lucky they ve chosen to give it out at all rather than withhold it.I really honestly, seriously would like someone who disagrees to explain why I m wrong. Forget the idealism surrounding freedom because that s not at issue and I probably agree with you on that. I m talking specifically about how taking anything that costs money and distributing it freely like torrent sites by circumventing the creator s chosen channel and depriving him her of their chosen fee is at all okay?I hate all this rhetoric about evil corporations and how everything should be free. It s okay to have that view and put it into practice yourself and with people who feel the same but why do we have to force that belief on everyone like its the One True Way? Live and let live. Some people put food on the table with the stuff they sell. Others give it freely. It s a choice. Maybe businesses do engage in price gouging and other unethical practices but that s not the issue. The issue is simply why do some feel it s okay to distribute paid content by means of piracy? In this context the definition of piracy is circumventing the chosen distribution channel in a way that deprives the original creator of the fee they would otherwise collect.EDIT As to the downvotes, I m beginning to believe that many people are either not understanding the issues discussed in other people s comments as they are too busy thinking up arguments against them as they read. This goes for the original posts too. I m seeing the comments stray far from the real point of the authors and I m talking about first replies, not replies to replies or deeper. Let s reflect on what we read before going into automatic My views don t support this knee-jerk reaction mode where we shut out anything that doesn t fit our worldview. You don t have to change your mind, just make sure you at least listen to something different otherwise it s not a discussion but an echo chamber.
Hidden feature Note that you can swipe on the latest response from the chatbot in order to steer the conversation in a slightly different direction.
Except there is one thing C might never get, security culture.It is already better than C, as WG21 at least acknowledges there are some security issues and has taken multiple approaches to try to fix some of the underlying issues.However the way defaults are managed, versus the compiler provided frameworks from pre-C 98, are completely the opposite that security minded developers would wish for.The NSA cybersecurity bill seems to finally have hit home that this needs to change, however it remains to be seen if those at ISO that care about it will be able ot steer the ship around with their paper proposals like P2657R1, P2723R0,P2687R0.Bjarne keeps adocating the adoption of Core Guidelines and static analyzers improvements, which in a world where clang struggles to catch up, seems to have quite low priority in tooling improvements.In a way I guess it depends how relevant many key C frameworks and workloads HPC HFT games LLVM GCC FPGA GUI will evolve and what Rust can manage to take over.
Does anyone have a .zip or something of an emulator with this all up and running?
While I d welcome clearer law it s important to point out that it s the ICO who ll be enforcing the law, so if they say they re not going to go after people it s safe to say they won t.Until some group puts pressure on them to enforce against analytics sites. Or the top brass at ICO are switched out. Or a politician makes it their mission for a little while. Or... We are making this illegal, but we won t enforce it, really! is not a trustworthy statement.
The walls are but the walls don t directly touch anything in there to directly leach. Also, a lot of dishwashers have metal tubs, and this is probably a big reason why.
I m as hopeful as anyone for Ukraine to survive this awful war with her sovereignty intact, but we must be realistic.I am willing to bet 90 of people will believe that number when it is printed by the press or shared on social media.It is so sad we live in a world where 99.9 of news are either factually incorrect or completely taken out of context.
It s not funIf it s not fun or interesting for you, just read something other than Show HN s. This sort of meta is totally offtopic in an actual Show HN which is about the work being shown rather than your personal feelings about the category.
It s impossible to implement std regex efficiently due to internal but exposed character handling requirements. To the sibling comments about iostream, thank vzeverovich and everyone that worked on fmt and turning it into std format edit accidentally wrote std fmt initially , which is vastly superior and not dependent on mutable global state.
WebOS or a variant seems to be in LG TVs,
Australia does have a public RTK network, which is free to access - you only have to ask. But you need internet access, and RTK only works is you are within 20km or so of the base station.As other have said can do a local install. A pair of RTK receivers is only 500. But you need a connection between the base station and the tractor. These farms are pretty flat so perhaps perhaps technically it s not so difficult with LORA. But these are farmers, not hackers, and perhaps it has to talk to the tractor, and perhaps the tractor is made by John Deer. It all gets very hard very quickly.In the mean time SBAS was a off the shelf solution the dealer could sell to everyone because it worked everywhere in the country. Until it didn t.
Chris is not talking about this. He s talking about venture capital, where 1 you typically need to raise at least 2M otherwise the firm can t justify the board seat , 2 the money for the investment came from a venture fund that was raised from limited partners, and the fund s lifecycle is structured such that the investments need to see liquidity within 5-10 years.As for angel investors, the angel deals you hear about on HN and TechCrunch work differently from what you re talking about. They don t buy common stock and they wouldn t receive dividends even if you paid them. Instead the angels receive a debt instrument that turns into series A preferred stock once you raise venture capital. If you fail to raise venture capital, the angel writes off the investment as bad debt and walks away. Historically these deals wouldn t even fix a value on the company, though the conversion caps that are now in vogue are effectively valuations.One reason it s done this way is that just the legal fees for issuing series A preferred stock easily run to 50-75k. That money is spent drafting the protective provisions that make the stock series A preferred rather than common . Another is that, historically, angels have found that the big wins are so big that they make the rest of the portfolio irrelevant.So sure, if you can find an angel that will buy 250k of common stock in a tech company that has no chance of a big upside, go for it, but I think you re going to be looking for a long time. Of course you re right that many businesses are financed through small common stock deals, but these are more often small businesses like your local restaurant or auto mechanic, where the business model is well understood but there is no chance for this 10x return on capital you mentioned, and the money usually comes from friends and family, not from professional investors.
The real test is whether I can, 3 years after buying the computer, replace the battery more easily than Apple could replace the battery in a MacNo, the real test is whether you, 3 years after buying the computer, can replace the battery more easily than you could replace it on the Mac. Applecare just covers the cost of a new laptop when your Mac breaks during warranty. Repair is a generous way of putting that.
The interesting fact is how much data they store with no apparent reason. They can perform speech to text on the fly and throw away the recording.Machine learning? Do it with people paid to talk to Alexa.
That s a great list, right now I trying Avant Window Navigator, I ll just add Exaile! for music, Geany and Bluefish editors for coding and of course The Gimp.
This is wildly off topic, but I m genuinely curious... What is with the profile pictures of people looking up and to the right, with usually a circular gradient solid color background? I see it a lot in the SV tech industry, and am wondering if it s a particular startup photographer , or some meme I don t know about. Any ideas?
That s literally how the English language works. It s defined by popular usage. So one person using a word wrongly is indeed wrong , but if most people use a word wrongly , then it becomes correct.
Shoot, the US chased Arbenz out of Guatemala going on 60 years ago with nothing much more than radio.
AFAIK there are no Matrix clients with voice channels.
No worries. This is reported on CNNMoney. To retailers, that is big. It s just one point in a presentation of me trying to convince people to adopt mobile and local in to their UX Strategy.
Edge fucking sucks.
If it was easy to advertise to the user other payment options, then what would stop developers from making free apps 0 that are unlocked in the developers website? Bypassing the Apple s cut.Allow users to install app stores then. How dare you bypass the App Store! Alright, can we make our own app store? No!
Companies, individuals, investors e.t.c. are moving their money out of the yuan back into the dollar, China is selling some of its treasuries to get the dollars to give to these people. I expect the vast majority of it is leaving the country.
If it s the latter, I m worried that this might stifle the admittedly rare back-and-forth discussion between two experts, such as tptacek and cpercivaWhy wouldn t they just endorse each other s comments and continue a meaningful dialog?
Indeed, and it seem to me these countermeasures are exactly the method that s being employed by the likes of Putin and Trump.In google s case, I think they re just analyzing employee emails etc.
Exactly. Even with modern first business seating, subsonic trans-Pacific is still a long flight even from the West Coast even if the seating is comfortable and the food is good. But as I recall you need something like 2x the range of the Concorde even to fly a route like SFO-NRT. And, as you say, if you need to fuel up in Anchorage say, you lose a lot of the time advantage.
Legality is not science, most of the time, the definition of what s wrong is blurry and humans have to debate about it.
In practice, this issue is rarely like 1-2 times a year encountered. And then functional tests catch the error. It would not be acceptable if it was a constant thorn.
All of the things below could be ideas for startups. I d pay for them - Find a domain name and a name for your site- Recruit beta version users- Writing the documentation help pages for your startup- Making those pretty screencast videos where a cute girl explains how awesome exciting hippy your site is- Brand advertising. For example while there are tons of ways with which you could advertise a brand in your website, there s no easy service for that.
I honestly feel like Prosecuters, Juries, District Attorneys, Judges, Sheriffs, Mayors and Govenors are afraid of their police departments.The way these investigations and prosecutions go remind me a lot of the mob investigations, where it took the feds to really take them down.Every municipality is different, and at different points in time, but I think this is an overlooked part of all of this.I think its greater than just a blue shield or sense of camaraderie with officers, I think there is fear. And I ve seen circumstances where that s valid, such as when Adrian Schoolcraft was dragged out of his home and thrown in an asylum by fellow police officers just because he showed up late to work that day and they got paranoid he was going to out them.
Right. You got in late, and... you re going to catch up, how?I d really like to understand your wealth accumulation algorithm here because, having lived in CA, I wrote a bunch of programs to model my family s guessed at expected inflation, house appreciation, income appreciation, and tax scenarios, and I bailed.The people ahead of you are not going to let you climb that ladder, is what I decided. Twenty-five years later, yup.And I won that game. Survivor bias for sure, but now I m sitting on what I didn t expect prime real-estate for CA remote workers retirees.
The boardroom coup at OpenAI really might have been, at least in part, about the board s literal fears of AI apocalypse.The AI doomers delivered OpenAI in Microsoft s lap for free all in the name of protecting us from the evils of AI. The ironing.But it shows most of OpenAI doesn t really value safety first, if 500 of them are ready to jump ship. They are just as eager as anyone else to see AGI happening, with them being at the top of the wave, no matter the consequences. We can t expect MS to hire them under the same idealistic charter as OpenAI.
I would not expect miners to voluntarily stop mining just because the user agent reports low battery. Any miners that care about mobile users could check the user agent string and throttle mining.
I m an infectious disease epidemiologist, and there absolutely will be decades spend unravelling this.To address the parent question - one thing to keep in mind is that states are extremely heterogeneous, and Did or did not lock down mask mandate etc. isn t actually a binary variable, but a very difficult to measure continuous response of both policy and compliance.
That s a pretty awesome little dashboard. I m not sure if it s there but I missed it, is there any idea how much data or how many objects they need to archive?
Running docker containers on Darwin already required you to run a Linux kernel, though?
YES, this has been discussed a million times before. Please don t waste our time discussing the population density of the entire US. It s irrelevant.Can you give us the population density of Southern California vs Spain, for example?
My understanding is that the 6-pointed spike diffraction pattern only occurs on stars, and that the bright points without them are galaxies.
Thanks, never heard of it. But why would they chose something so low-level that looks like assembly reminds of the old shaders - I guess I have to read, maybe... easier translation for CPU if there is no GPU? .
- SQL experience? No experience. - Ok noted, NoSQL experience. ...
Google is the epitome for paid search advertising.,...The only big change will come from a truly multilingual search. Some projects in the EU are addressing this need.
Better to embrace that you can find common ground with someone you otherwise have wildly differing views from.
Is there any government good for human rights? I m thinking about Iran, which is obviously a horrible place now for human rights, but it wasn t exactly a wonderland before the Islamic revolution either.
When has any religion not fundamentally disregarded all other religions and beliefs? Shinto not included
It doesn t help that they automatically change searches for Tripl to Triple .
How do you generate an appropriate warning without power ?Obviously by using a separate power source for the monitoring, which can be minimal and last forever?Like, e.g. logic boards had a separate from the mains power BIOS battery
I love Fireworks, fucking hate CS4.I ve been using FW since version 4, from everything from wireframes to full polished design, and I have never seen this much bugginess on any production software. The worst part of it is that the most persistent bugginess is the text selection, which is half of what I do when designing.
So what if it s electrical signals. It s not really 1s and 0s is it, they are grouped together into floating point numbers, right? And at some point there are enough ones and zeroes that you can effectively simulate just about any analog state. So why should we assume it s not possible to simulate the states of neurons? And why do we assume that the brain s structure is the only way to produce intelligence? Surely - like other biological systems - they are a specific implementation of what nature allows, but not necessarily the only one. nowhere near capable of doing the impossible, e.g. predicting the weather with fidelity substantially into the futureWhy is it that people keep telling us GPT isn t capable of being conscious or having understanding because it s unable to perform tasks that individual humans can t do?
1st Amendment?
Here is the argument in a nutshell you have enough hypotheses, some will be significant by chance alone.
I m in the process of moving my Typo4 blog to Octopress in the hopes of blogging more when there are fewer textareas to fill in.Octopress is built on a fork of Jekyll and comes with a very nice html5 sass default template and some other goodies. The default is markdown but it plays nice with haml too. It took me a while to grok how to make my own templates, but that would surely have gone faster if I d actually read the docs instead of dog-paddling around in them.Edit typo removal.
It s the micropayments problem. That inflated fee would have to be over a dollar to cover the costs of doing the transaction possibly several dollars. Not only are there the costs associated with the payment, but also the additional code infrastructure, dealing with complaints, excruciating security, etc.As you say, it would likely cost as much as the dead-tree edition, and how much usage would it get? What fraction of people would ever use it? I suspect a lot of people would say, I could see giving you .05 or .25 for this, but I m not going to pay 3.00 to read one article. And I don t want access to more than that I just want this article. I mean, it would probably be worth the experiment for some major newspaper or magazine. I bet somebody has tried. But the history of micropayments is already a long string of failed attempts. Money just makes everything hard, and there seems to be a minimum below which it s just not worth it.
Like many in the Bay Area, I don t qualify for an economic stimulus check, despite really needing it. Is it so hard to understand that someone s 2018 tax return might not reflect their current need or circumstances?
On this launch, it looks like they offset the timings to reduce the chance of tipping over.If you get time, go look for the first FH booster landings. The timing is almost perfect and the long exposure images looked beautiful.
PSA Zerotier can do the same thing, just set a hostname for a client in the control center.
Apparently that title is an honorary one, and does not actually confer any financial benefits directly from Microsoft. 0 0
I didn t make it my phrasing apparently failed. I m sorry
Discussion 44 points, 4 hours ago, 15 comments
Please don t mess with the scroll event.
Your previous comments suggest that you re in the Netherlands. You can easily have a PS5 delivered to you within the week.
I like having CCs on for movies because the dialog is always so quiet compared to the music and sound effects. I can keep it at a reasonable volume and still catch what the characters are saying.Also, if I m watching British shows, I like CCs because I m really bad at accents.Edit I m coming up on 40 now, so I guess I m not the people this article is complaining about.
My guess is the gas stations will have car washes attached to them as some already do .I suspect some of this all is them being sold and in a few years a bunch will be gone, unable to make the payments on the loans taken.
IIRC it s basically a different generation of naming. 1 2 ton trucks got bigger and increased to 3 4, manufacturers labelled them 1500 but the 1 2 ton informal naming remained , then they kept growing but the class remained.So now you have light duty trucks with 2000 lbs payload, badged 1500, and called half ton.
Maybe having modular devices that can do things as necessary and then be stowed are more practical than having large appliances bolted into counters taking space? I think that it is impractical for everyone in the world to have as much space as we currently think we need. We can get along just fine with smaller living spaces -- it is not a sign of poverty to be efficient.
My droid is rather awsome in this regard. But haven t tried any iphone for this.I am wondering why you say decided that the antennae was of too low quality? I am curious why you think this is an antenna issue?Also as another poster said, it can be an application issue.
You re joking, right? I m seriously asking.
This guy is well known inside netflix?
Agreed. I m honestly not sure how it could be made easier.
This seems like a packaging problem. In Java 9, it s possible to produce a single binary containing the JRE and application code same way as go producing a single binary containing the Go runtime and application code. PythonThen you have to install the right version of python, and you get even more of a nightmare than a Java install. At least the Java ecosystem doesn t suggest a separate tool eg, virtualenv or similar to support things like JAVA_HOME.This applies equally to any non-statically-compiled application distribution I don t see CMake files some specially blessed CMake version that you also have to install as coming close to that.
I don t disagree, but it s not really about fair it s about what the expected standard of living is in NYC. NYC is historically a city of renters and roommates, and that is reflected in the split view between average asking rents 3500 and actual rents 1700 1 .This isn t to say the city can t or shouldn t be more affordable. But the idea that everybody gets their own 1BR at average US rental prices is not immediately compatible with the city s housing stock or troubling trends, like dedensification . 1
Ever since I first heard it as a teenager, Steve Reich s Music for 18 Musicians has been my go to focus music. Almost 20 years later I still put it on if I really am having a hard time getting into a zone of concentration.It s also a beautiful piece of music to just lay back and listen to, doing nothing else but meditating on the music. Highly recommended.
Why SQLite?
Even if Apple would do something like this, which I don t think they would, Gawker media s the last company they d ever give it to.
Savor some sensible discussion while you re in a small chat... I felt some strange camaraderie with the original group of people I started with. Then got a bit sad when they got lost in the crowd and dropped out over time.
Someone solved this once by configuring a voice menu to answer direct the call to the single phone started with the heard-so-often-everyone-ignores-it line this call may be monitored or recorded for _______ purposes please press 1 for ... and the sting subject fell for it when calling. Notification of recording made, implicit permission granted for continuing the conversation.
Yep. I do that same key remapping too. IIRC original suggestion was from Xah Lee
My idea is to build a digital giving economy. You get to keep 100 of everything given to you through the site. If successful, you can retire comfortably with little money while being held by the giving community and go forward in a life of service, if you so choose.As the site produces no money, you can keep 100 of all revenue.
The only expense for excess storage, above capital cost of the tankage, is refrigeration to compensate for heat leakage through the insulation.All the tradeoffs, together, are an optimization problem that is not hard to solve for conditions found. Since the ultimate source of power, solar, is the cheapest ever devised, they start with a huge advantage. It would be foolish to bet against them.
Indeed. I see them every day. If I have something interesting for them I ll hand it to them. Much rather they get some money out of it than throwing it in the bin and getting damaged before they find it. Like an appliance that I have to get rid of but might still work but is not worth selling. Things with scrap metal indeed. They re always friendly and grateful. I don t have much to throw out myself but at our local makerspace we do often have substantial stuff.I like them. I wish the government would support them more though. They re really being abused. As chatarreros they earn almost nothing, and as topmantas street vendors selling fake handbags they re often rounded up by the police and insulted by tourists. I m pretty sure they get only peanuts from the people that import all these fake goods too. They re really at the bottom of the food chain.It s really sad. I wish I could do more for them, but I can t even vote here. I heard the mayor of Barcelona Ada Colau is really aware of their plight, but there is only so much she can do either. Most of the core issues are national formalities like residency.
For very similar purpose I once defined a CircularIterator class also in JS, where it s not available as itertools.cycle in Python for example which wrapped any kind of collection and had next, prev, get and set methods at the time I was yet to learn about Smalltalk s streams - the methods would be named like nextPut and next would have an optional argument, but I digress .In essence it was exactly the same thing you did, but due to it being OO, I managed to reuse it quite a few times since having something which cycles between three states on click is a breeze now . The thing here is that the problem of wrapping a sequence instead of throwing some kind of Out-of-bounds-the-sky-is-falling error is pretty common and it deserves generic solution. You - and structural programming, for that matter - trapped a solution to this problem inside a solution for carousel. That s exactly one of more important things OOP came to fix.But I guess it s true that the OO people tend to only teach modelling on problems with really quite obvious decompositions . I think nearly 100 of examples of OO in tutorials and books are completely useless and that there should be some major change in the way of teaching and thinking about OO. For me, that I managed to come up with a useful abstraction back then was pure luck. Later, when I saw Smalltalk - and worked in it for some time - I finally understood what OO is about and how beautifully it can simplify and generalize problems which would be one-off with procedural structured programming.
If emojis are speech then removing a particular one sure looks like censorship. Many people do consider them a form of speech, both socially and legally. For example, a thumbs up emoji can be considered agreeing to a contract.
I will be experimenting with not eating at Wendy s in 2025.
I ve been keeping my eye on You.com, tracking a few SERPs over time compared to other Bing- and Google-based engines. So far, the results don t seem independent.Try comparing results with a Bing-based engine e.g. DuckDuckGo or a Google-based one e.g. StartPage, GMX to see if they differ. Don t use Google or Bing directly, since results will be personalized based on factors like location, device, your fingerprint, etc. .
Ok, so you actually haven t measured your deliverability in any way. Yes, you can probably get emails delivered to your friends who have already emailed you in the past. Spam filtering is more of an issue when you try to email someone who has not engaged with you. If you actually go out and run some tests, you will probably find out a good portion of your email is blackholed by Google and Microsoft.
they usually dobut for unknown reasons, the passengers refused to glide and decided to plunge the plane to wilfully die.now, since they wilfully died, there is no reason to trigger further investigations.And supreme leader Putin will seek damages from the families of the passengers, as they destroyed his plane.
Struggling to take seriously a copywriting article with the title Why is UX Copywriting so Important in Product Design
That sounds a lot like flagging. cf. recent article on Margaret Thatcher that bounced in and out of existence. I actually assumed it was a moderator decision but info explained it got flagged dead, then put back by mods - which is almost a description of your events.Oddly enough I have never flagged an article except with a fat finger - usually because I simply dont know what it does.
a hypothetical bug requires you to have more than ten contacts of the exact same name and these also need to share the same country and area codeSounds like the village a part of my family tree comes from.
Beyond all that, what happened with SBF co shows that even the better-sounding crypto projects may eventually involve criminal liability for some of those involved.
You described what firejail is already doing.
As an employee, you certainly take a risk that your job will not last forever. You may be fired, downsized, or the company may go bankrupt.Fortunately, since we live somewhere where you can fire, downsize, and go bankrupt, there are companies willing to hire you for some period of time between when they need you and when they don t need you anymore. Otherwise, who would hire anyone if they could never fire them here s looking at you France ?The possibility of losing a job is inherent and essential to the concept of employment.
MSFT is in this position because they executed better than Google in cloud also cleverly placing their fat profitable office revenues in cloud and the market rewards growth in rapidly expanding markets because it s a signal that of future revenue and market share.
One way I look at it is by the time you beat the game for the first time unless you ve done quite a bit of side content, you still may not be a high enough level to unlock all of the abilities. You ve only seen a fraction of the unique items floating around since most don t even drop until World Tier 3 or 4. You ve likely only gotten the chance to play one or two themed builds based around the items which have dropped. You ve probably not touched the paragon board or glyphs which can change things up quite significantly and enable a number of other builds that aren t really viable without the boost. I m only level 78 on my main and I m still upgrading glyphs and working my way through the paragon board. Or I was before the season started, and now I m playing a fresh barb instead of sorc.I wouldn t mind more free respec opportunities, but I don t think it s exceptionally expensive. Just verified on my 78 sorc that it would cost just over 1MM gold to reset all of my points. That s maybe 3-4 dungeon runs. However to reroll an attribute at the enchanter, it s now costing me above 1.5MM for a single role, it also requires forgotten souls. Refunding skill points is much cheaper than upgrading end game gear! It also took me an embarrassing amount of time to realize you don t have to reset all skill points. If you right click on a skill it ll remove it one point at a time for under 20k point.
Last point is on the dot. I work to optimize websites and bring this issue with clients all the time. In the end, a mid-level in house marketing guru will convince his seniors that this is the way to go - after all how else will they justify their jobs?
Is your suggestion that they modify their standard email signature when sending a requested message to someone they have already terminated in another way?
Next one will be Meteor M2, it s experiencing malfunction after malfunction, breaks my heart.
Yeah I thought white collar criminals got sent to minimum security resort prisons where they d be less stringent about this kind of thing and not be likely to have super sensitive scanners like these.
Thank you. Came to comments to find this out.Evaporative cooling is a very powerful technique, but does not work quite well at small scales.
Big difference! I have personal experience of Coinbase emailing me in writing! that I d get a bank overdraft fee refunded from their system-wide mistake of double-charging cryptocurrency orders. This happened right before their IPO.Long story short, I was never refunded despite raising two support tickets.
sounds like reddit want to kill all third party apps which is a bit unfortunate but this business practice is not very uncommon Apple Google with their 30 fees .
I believe it s in the works, I saw a post about it some weeks ago.
Your second sentence made it even more analogous to YouTube.When YouTube was younger, its popular use was to facilitate the spread of copyrighted content. Now there s a whole slew of user-generated videos out there.There will inevitably be pirated material on Scribd, sure. But surely you can see further than that. Sharing group documents? Helping some self- publish ? Spread works in the public domain? Share academic and or research papers?
Multnomah County is seeking 50 million from the defendants for actual damages from the 2021 record-breaking heat wave. Temperatures in the region reached 116 F, killing 69 people in the county. This is the hottest temperature ever recorded in the county s history. 51B of damages for ostensibly killing 69 people in that county? This seems farcical, they re shooting for the moon to make headlines, they can t be serious with this. It s a PR political stunt.
A very convenient one.
The author was just on The Econtalk podcast discussing this work
If it is not possible to occur, then it should not be part of the API.Ah, but what if it can occur, just never with what you pass in? Suppose a function is documented to throw some checked exception if some parameter is a negative number, but you pass in a positive literal constant? In such a situation, the checked exception will never occur! With Rust, for example, this is easily done with an unwrap and, possibly, a comment to assert said belief, but with checked exceptions, there s no way to force the compiler to squash the required check.
I am not sure that fuck off meant remove our ability to communicate!
My point is that it was never or rarely mentioned as such in HN prior to Jobs comments...Generally I don t think any company is more or less evil than any other. Most publicly traded companies pretty much do whatever they can get away with - and if they don t do so now, their next CEO will.
Or in other words, when your ARM without SMT stalls, the execution resources are wasted, as Xenu intended. Letting another program use the functional units unused by your program is an abomination before Xenu.
Not trying to start another civil war in Russia or its closest neighbours would certainly help.
Obviously many people disagree.Just to pick on one issue, carbon emission is negligible unless you talk about bitcoin .Many people also rely on transfers of cryptocurrency. Just not you or your entourage.
ive considered doing something kind of like this but just grow enough food for myself -- so a garden rather than a farm. the draw for me is reducing my living expenses. modern houses make absolutely no sense because their design carries vestigial baggage from thousands of years ago, from a time when we didnt know about any of the physics or technology that we know about now. it turns out that you can build a passive and maintenance free house for about the same amount of money as a traditional house.someone else commented about the fact that modern suburban life is a hell-scape. i couldnt agree more. people think you have to do it in order to live. but you dont, just buy land on the outskirts of the city and build a house on it. the city is right there if you want it. i dont want it most of the time, personally. but sometimes i really do.there are also people in here who say how they know farming, the grew up on a farm and its horrible. i really think that there is a new trend on the horizon of people moving away from the city, but this article misses the whole point. they wont be farming, because farming does suck. theyll just be making their lives more secure and cheaper by owning land and a house instead of renting. this will continue to make more and more sense as solar power and electric cars and self driving cars become more and more reliable and cheap. i really do think we will see more and more people opting for city outskirts.
That s incredible to see AMD s CEO Lisa Su talked about how getting the halo spot of processor speed was important to the company during the Computex conference and they sure delivered. At nearly 1 20th of the price!While this may only be the result of a single benchmark, Phoronix covered how the 3900X handles multiple separate ones 0 . The geometric mean of all given tests placed the Ryzen 3900X narrowly at the 3rd spot but within 1 of the Threadripper 2990WX and i9 7960X. 0
True. A more realistic implementation would be for the tenants to complain and be ignored, then maybe start defaulting on the rent.
Cooking for yourself is an underrated skill. Many young people can t cook an ordinary meal. Just think of how many dust bunnies and ass hairs are in the average take-out.
I ll second this. After pulling my hair out for a bit trying to get error messages out to see what wasn t working, we are calling R from python using rpy2, using the pylons web framework - so although we are writing html, we can write really nice reports conditional on the data content. It s not immediately clear to me whether Apache is opening up a new instance of R every time a page loads, but I think it seems not to be.
I think GP is talking about the readability of CPython itself.
An open requirement from ICANN won t prevent Amazon requiring something outrageous 1 000 per domain that most won t afford.Any open requirements should come as a maximum price limit for creating new additional entries under the TLD.Hopefully they ll also include non-discriminatory pricing so that the owner of a TLD won t be able to raise the rent once a specific domain becomes popular in traffic sales .
This isn t bring your own computer , but use your own computer to connect remotely and access the firm s computer . The data s still held inside the firm and the employee s PC isn t doing anything more than running a web browser.The first few paragraphs miss the point, though they imply that this kind of remote access is quicker if you re using a brand new laptop than some old Windows XP PC.
Do you execute any untrusted code submitted by the users? It not, then it s very likely not an issue for you. This mostly allows escaping from a sandbox or getting elevated privileges on a host. But in those cases you re already hacked and the attacker has access to your data, so getting root on some server likely isn t a bigger deal than the initial hack. there s a chance that this enables a remote exploit through some specially crafted data for some popular library... the chances are very slim though
This whole RCA terminology has to die. The idea that there exists a single Root Cause that causes major disasters is fundamentally flawed.
They probably chose it on purpose to make Android look dated. If they had used a Samsung phone it would not have looked like a old chunk of metal.
Me neither. Memory palaces also show that this effect can be emulated not sure if that s the right word in the mind. I wonder if there is a way for computers to encourage developing a mind map
Some background on the water hyacinth 1 . You might have a point there. Mailing of tobacco? It is already illegal to avoid taxes and tariffs on tobacco. Why ban mailing it as well? Similarly, it is also illegal to smuggle drugs, why does the fact that someone may have done so with a submarine mean that unregistered submarines should be banned?
I completely understand. This is actually something that I have waffled on several times.What is putting me on the side of preservation right now is the hope that with preservation, future generations will benefit, but shredding the document would only help the existing victims. People living in Germany have something concrete to show their children when they teach them about the value of privacy. With that, hopefully the anti-surveillance immunization will span generations.
Why rephrase the question? Lots of apps could have been just a webapp. It doesn t have to be popular or succesful to prove that point, because it s the smaller apps teams like my one man company that would profit the most. Let larger companies spend their money on squeezing out maximum performance via native code. And let me use the browser for the 10k users of my app.
The states predated the federal government. They created it by ratifying the Constitution.
Mishit is censored too... I like the number of HN commenters who tried out their favorite Scunthorpe variations.As somehow who designed an implementation of b for an NFA-based regex matcher I always have an appreciation for the Scunthorpe problem we did see quite a number of scam spam bad-word detection regex patterns that tried to avoid it with word boundary stuff.
I use sounds like you might prefer that
Any early adopter of a technology promising freedom will be the groups who need it the most, which tends to be the groups who are most at odds with current social norms. Just look at who the early adopters are for tor or bitcoin.
I thought the reason outdoor time is recommended for myopia is that it causes you to focus your eyes on objects at greater distances that aren t available indoors.
Well, he has also skipped NT 3.1, 3.5 and 4. The various versions branded as NT, plus Win2k, were generally considered non-consumer, though Win2k was a marginal case.
To get wider use of LFSPs, it would be important for more people to learn that you can and it s completely reasonable to interface several programming languages. You need to be comfortable with both languages to work on the interface, but I find it surprising we didn t practice this at school at all.To explicate what the article touches Perhaps you really have to use Java because of platform or workforce requirements, but it doesn t mean you have to use 100 Java. More experienced developers can build some of the low-level classes using C via JNI. They can also set up BeanShell or Jython for user interface and test scripters.
Makes no sense to me. Edit Specifically the PS5 shortage with this phone situation in mind..
I run a script that takes a picture with an old Kinnect and pushes to dropbox. It is a dirty solution but it worked...until I ran out of space...
I just saw that movie for the first time the other night! Great film, great quote!
Your logic is very, very appreciated by me in this case, as what you ve described pretty much sounds like a cliché of a protection racket... My, it s a nice collection of songs you have here...it d be a shame if you didn t accept these pennies for the effort we are going through to give them to you... Considering a sync license is a very solidly established issue just ask Monster vs. Beastie Boys , I think YouTube is really setting the stage for a hard, hard reality check.
He owns the domain, and it s worth millions of dollars because of Microsoft s mistake.I think it s worth millions itself as a 4 character .com. It s value because of the mistake and potential that represents is likely orders of magnitude higher than that.
First world problems galore. Not getting enough sex...You have a different idea of 1WP than I do. I think most humans have some interest in sex, and certainly most young men in both developed and developing nations would like to have a fair amount of it.Once upon a time, nearly all women from a fairly young age were forced by custom and circumstance into subservient relations with men. We can appreciate that those circumstances have changed in much of the first world . We d be foolish not to realize that those changes have led to more men losing access to regular intercourse. The anti-prostitution laws that were in a skewed sense almost feminist back when a woman couldn t freely leave a relationship have certainly ceased to be that by now.I don t claim that widespread legal prostitution would solve the mass-shooting problem. However, this has been identified as a factor in the unhappiness that these men feel, so it s relevant. It s interesting that this relevant factor is rarely mentioned in the numerous popular media discussions of mass shootings.
Sounds like a similar case as the Costa Concordia than.
I often think that a great way to displace SQL would be to create a language that compiles to SQL similar to how TypeScript compiles to Javascript.
Officially it only replaces the Wii U. That s so if the Switch flops, they can release a real handheld successor to the 3DS in a few yearsHowever when the DS was released they also said it wasn t a replacement for the GBA, when that was also pretty obviously untrue. Additionally, word is that Nintendo has merged their 3DS and Wii U game development efforts to focus on the Switch.They also don t really have any 3DS games on the radar for further out than the end of the year. It seems safe to assume that Nintendo fully intends to focus on the Switch going forward.
I know this is naive but I have a lot of hope for Racket in this space. I m just hoping it gets more institutional support for making educational tools with it.The line numbers definitely help you imagine the computer mechanically reading and executing the lines. I wasn t taught with BASIC so in the few times I ve had to modify a program with meaningful line numbers I have often used make or similar to just put them in for me. I m glad someone likes them, I never understood why they existed!
Just a house for your family will eat up all of that 40k here in Toronto that s basically interest-only on the average 1m house in the suburbs . You d have nothing left.Although we still live very well in absolute terms, a lot of people I know have and will have a worse quality of life than their parents did, despite being more successful and earning more money! It s kind of depressing.
Lack of PDB support is one reason of VC ABI support would be another reason.
Silly Americans, you don t win a war of the mind by bringing guns to school
Not a single !
You mean the same corporations that got bailed out by the us tax payer, had billions of dollars of fines, and should have executives in prison for misconduct. Yeah they are the ones we should look up to s
And the PIIGS countries also.
GregTech New Horizons is also worth a look, if only for the detailed quests and absolutely insane progression required.
Stop being obtuse. Human communication is more nuanced that formal programming language. The context in which you say something is just as important as the content.It is very easy imply something and push a specific agenda without technically lying.What if I take out an add that says elif regularly participates on hacker news--a forum for computer programmers and hackers , and he is a programmer who can create malicious programs. The libraries he uses support multiple languages, like Chinese and Russian, giving him the capability to make it look like these programs were created by foreigners. I m just describing your capabilities. But the way I said it implies to non-experts that your actually writing malicious code, because they lack the context to understand what they re reading.They don t understand that all programmers have the capability to create malicious programs. And most importantly, just like the readers of Wikileaks commentary, they don t realize that supporting Unicode is very common, and it s necessary if you want to parse text written in it. It s not a specialized capability that you d only want if you intended to write in Russian or Chinese.
This also turned up in the other Mozilla-related thread 12 hours ago
Dishonest unemployed people can get away with doing virtually nothing or doing undisclosed work , most of the time, no?
I m genuinely asking as a Chinese guy How is it difficult to grok? There s nothing mystical about guanxi . It is literally the Mandarin translation of relationship , nothing more.There s nothing uniquely Chinese about the notion that having strong relationships with the right people can make your life easier.
It s not so much that we don t care, but that the current jetpacks are so expensive, hard to operate, low runtime, and so unsafe that they just aren t relevant to most people. I m not sure that the technology will ever improve enough to make the sci-fi style jetpack that anyone can use.The only jetpack I ve seen that I d actually be willing to use is the kind that s more like a hose tethered to a water pump that lifts you a few feet above the water, that one looks like it d be fun, with little chance of injury if it fails.
maybe dont use the courier for your scientific information-
Prediction This will be used almost exclusively for the militaristic oppression of indigenous Europeans. Any nationalist congregations opposing their own replacement by millions of unchecked foreigners from Africa and the Middle East, or the extraordinary violence and dysfunction wrought upon them in their ancestral homelands by these foreigners and descendants, will be crushed by this EU military under complete control of those who openly hate Europeans.
I also prefer using the terminal, but I ve switched to neovim anyway. I found macvim to be difficult to configure and I just prefer having tmux terminal splits next to my vim split and I can see stuff happening as I edit the file. I also prefer iTerm2 to Terminal.app but I think it s just personal preference. I know how to use the iTerm2 settings pretty well by now to get configurations I want.
The need for tricks like this and other complicated types is simply not there.It just depends on how constrained by types you want your code to be and how much time and effort you re willing to spend maintaining and writing code that fits within those constraints.Sometimes complicated types are introduced because you want to maintain editor features such as find by reference and the ability to refactor later. When it works, removing or adding new features feels fast, easy and safe.In the articles case you could differentiate between an email string type and a user id string type. Maybe sometime in the future you want to change the id to an integer instead, so now that it s already distinguished you could find all those places where that s applied.That s at least a selling point, in practice I ve used this a few times but it doesn t come up that often. Sometimes the blast radius of a type isn t big so it s not worth doing.
This is also easy. There are different ways to do it.Here s an example create a type, such as RoleAuthorization . Make it a required parameter for access-controlled methods, either through the constructor of the parent object or explicitly in the method.In order to create a RoleAuthorization, you must first pass the user s Role object in an authorization method.If a method requires authorization, the compiler will complain if you don t first check the current user s role through the authorization method. I ll wait.If you re sincerely interested in discussing something, antagonizing someone this way and implying that you are infallible really doesn t help.If you just wanted to make what you believe is a statement of fact, just make it.If you don t want to discuss the issue at all and would instead prefer to be unchallenged on this topic, why write about it in a comments section?
I just end emails with my name. ...Plainly indicating that the email is done and I m signing off on it. I tend to express any gratitude at the start of the email.
very interesting, the uLog page looks great. i will try this
I ll just point to the theory that they didn t want to work for a megacorp creating tools for other megacorps or worse and actually believed in OpenAI s initial mission to further humanity. The tools are going to be used by deep pocketed entities for their purposes, the compute resources necessary require that to be the case for the foreseeable future.
Agreed. Perhaps this is not exactly what you meant, but I do feel that shared spaces are shrinking and private spaces are expanding. I found this particular quote from The Atlantic quite telling The United States is in some ways becoming a medieval society, in which people live and work in the modern equivalent of castles--gated communities, apartment buildings with doormen, and office buildings with guards--and try to shield themselves while traveling between them. They do this by riding in sport-utility vehicles, which look armored, and by trying to appear as intimidating as possible to potential attackers. - Keith Bradsher
I just haven t written the documentation for it and you would need your own UART flasher board.That would not be an issue. However, I m based in Germany as well... do you have some sort of newsletter?
You can already send SMS to iPhones. Why do you think iMessage spam which can be filtered better than SMS by Apple would significantly change the experience?
Everyone knows it s nc
questioning assumptions is good, even if or especially if those assumptions underpin the orthodoxy of the day.Beware any religion, ideology, or group that punishes the honest questioner.
Once you bust through that 15-20mins you are home free as a reader. Take your book, leave your phone, and read outside. That way if you want to abandon your book to find some little dopamine hit to stay your ADD, you d have to go all the way back inside.Even just another room or nook works, or the public library, so long as all you do there is read. You ll begin to associate that spot with reading and have an easier time getting into the reading mindset.
Launched scrubbed for today.
It s just racism.
So, the firebase customer database got stolen or firebase got owned and their customers are receiving phishing mails using those email addresses since September at least - however, I never received a heads up from Firebase. What gives? That s not a good way to build up trust.
The deaths of people create more sad, depressing and violent content, which might attract more depressed and violent people. In the end, it all benefits Youtube.
Check out permaculture, food forests and Geoff Lawton videos he covers both, and food forests are a subset of permaculture . He is a permaculture boss who learned from Bill Mollison, father of permaculture. Check his Zaytuna Farm video tour parts 1 and 2. Australia is big on permaculture but many other countries people are doing it too. Huw Richards Wales, UK , Maddy and Tim Harland UK , Krishna McKenzie Auroville, Tamil Nadu, India , Pete Kanaris Florida, USA , Richard Perkins Sweden are just a few. All those named have YouTube videos.
This is a concept I think about often in an engineering management context, and I think it applies not only to software, but to processes in general.I think there is often an impulse to systematize workflows, because it makes work quantifiable, and it helps us to justify to others that we re working in the right way. In other words, if you fail without a system in place, it s your fault for not planning enough. If you fail with a system in place, there s always something outside of yourself to blame it on as long as you were following the agreed upon process .But sometimes rigid processes create their own problems. At various points you have to decide if something goes in column A or column B, either of which conclusion can have knock-on effects in terms of how it has to be handled by the system. Sometimes this creates problems down the line, because the system wasn t designed to handle something that isn t really A or B. Or else you end up adding columns C, D, E... to handle all these unfit cases until you have a system which is so complex and cumbersome it ceases to be useful, or you are spending all your time dealing with the system rather than solving the actual problem or creating value.In the absence of a process, it s usually up to common sense and human discretion to solve a problem. People can see what the situation is, what the goals are, and decide the best course of action to take. And the best thing about that is, human beings can take things into account like empathy or external factors, or creative opportunities which a system could never be designed to account for. That s why it s a really good thing to find places within the system to create space for people to figure things out for themselves.So one problem with systems and processes designed around using software is that it can make it difficult to include that human element. If the process is not designed correctly, it may be impossible to progress unless the software is satisfied.
There s a difference between prodding your brain or prodding a brain modeled after your brain, which doesn t have a way to sense things prodding it.let me help you take your example further These humans, they might have agency and free will, but they don t have fuqismatk and missildrigg, so us gakimiking and monikiking their brain should be ok.
I can actually answer this. The idea that started my company way back in the 1990s was an ok idea, but it was not fantastic. What was fantastic about it was it had a magic balance between complexity and intuitiveness. What happened when I told people about it is was the first 30 minutes they sat there totally confused, but at some point around the 30 to 45 minute mark they would have an eureka moment where everything would fall into place and they would get it. The effect of this was truely amazing - basically people would come to believe that they had thought of it themselves and of course at that point selling was not a problem - people literally gave me large amounts of money for free because of this effect.I should mention that while I have had much better ideas since as well as lots of worse ones , none have ever had that magic quality. All I can say is look for ideas that allow people to discover the eureka moment themselves after 30 minutes. Once you have this you almost can t fail to raise money.
There s a copypasta you can use to kick Chinese players out of games that use P2P connections. You can read it here, it touches pretty much all the pain points of the CCP s current situation.Link
I think the government would call it discrimination. The law prohibits discrimination against people over 40 in any aspect of employment, including hiring, firing, pay, job assignments, promotions, layoff, training, benefits, and any other term or condition of employment.
Woah, that s awesome. I use f for ack.vim, so combining that with quickfix-reflector sounds superb. Thank you!
The update message I ve not generally seen before, but nearly every app I ve used asks for at least the first two individually. The modals to allow notifications, location access, and other granular permissions on iOS is a good-practice pattern.
Please do, I personally often read the comment section only, and something tells me I am not alone in this...
real death.Quick googling shows wildly different numbers, but the lowest study in top results says 1 million per year from coal alone.All global warming pollution is way higher. One study estimated 1 in 5 deaths.
You can regulate a nuclear plant between 50 and 100 output in a matter of minutes by adjusting the control rods.That s very limited compared to most other options, but obviously much better than solar or wind.
If they can t consistently serve you at 100mpbs or whatever else then they shouldn t advertise it.But that s true of almost every industry. Your bank advertises that you can withdraw your money at any time, but if everybody withdrew their money simultaneously there would be issues. A store advertises next-day shipping, but if everybody ordered simultaneously there would be issues. A house might have 100A power service, but if every house started burning 100A simultaneously there would be issues.Put another way, what you re proposing is dramatically slower speeds for most users. ISPs are profitable, but they re not that profitable. Actual average usage on most lines is probably low single digit percentages, if not sub-1 . I just checked my line - my average use is about 200kB s for a total of about 500GB per month , or about 1 of my speed cap.
on Windows the native ABI or the default ABI I should say explicitly reserves space for C stack unwinding on a per call basis.A lot of the windows API can ab use this so it s best to follow it, despite it being C ish .
She did her best to imagine a communist system that was nearly ideally designed and it still fails in so many ways.It wasn t a communist system, but an anarchist one. And it didn t fail in so many ways, it s just that life in Anarres was tough. A barren moon with few natural resources. They even had bad harvests and people starved to death.
I think the article is interesting but mostly stating the obvious Projects that do not make money and aren t able to garner a top spot in their sector niche get killed. What I would find much more interesting is an article how Google chooses the companies it buys.
This is from 2002, right?
Hi there! I m a developer at GitHub, I ll pass this on to the right team.
I suppose this is a decent workaround for certain things i ve used it in sqlite before , the main kind of index i m using with postgres jsonb looks something like this create index on my_table document - some_key where document ? some_key AND document - some_key IS NOT NULL you can use generated columns to get around the first part of the index, but you can t have the WHERE part of the index in mysql as far as I am aware but it has been a very long time since I ve worked with it so I m prepared to be wrong .
This is a great take, even within the same firm I ve found huge mismatches in expectations when a senior is hired for soft skills, but internally the role aligns to hard skills - or visa versa.Throwing a project master at a hard tech problem will usually result in disaster. However the same is often true of a hard tech researcher. Eventually people tend to acquire relevant skills from both sides or move into management.
The point is he wants to look-up more than one example because the crossword contains several words. Going though the full dictionary N times is harder even if on average he only needed to try half of it than doing it once.
If only there was One.
Yeah, I can t wrap my head around why they would do that.Investors before customers.
Hmm, I used uber in japan when I was traveling there and it worked quite well. What kind of problems were they having?
Sure, and I don t support this guy.I do find it funny though that the same government that does this exact thing at scale works so hard to go after people who do this.It s not that they think it s wrong, it s that they don t want competition.
That s an interesting focus on his schlubbiness but in a way it makes it even more curious that, over the long term he was more and more fundamentally influential than most of his much more politically and socially savvy colleagues. Even if you just take the start and end points - set the gears that led to the Manhattan project in motion, convinced the leaders of the two nuclear superpowers to install a hotline, it s not half bad, for a Martian.
The PC has always been an open platform. Documentation is readily available and the intention is for users to run whatever they want on the hardware. Completely different.
My logic is fine. All I did was quote a guideline. If you think HN is becoming like Reddit in a bad way, then back it up with more than a worthless one-liner.
Was on a Damien Lewis bingeGuessing Band of Brothers, Billions, what else?
Funny money ! cash, once you understand that, the demise of a lot of these successful companies like Uber will make a lot more sense.Uber is not profitable until money out money in, period and we are forgiving them interest inflation .Even if a couple investors were able to flip the stock and made some money out of what seems to be a scam with extra steps, that still doesn t make Uber profitable, and they re still far from being a success, IMO.
Just a guess Better management has a lot to do with it, and not just at the executive level, but the 3 layers of middle management below.
Emacs org-mode, look no further
dash is web documentation kept offline with limited search added on top of it. it s basically a browser window...
I recommend the PBS Kids Games app. It has a ton of different educational games and no ads. It s available in the app store and on the website 1 . That s just about the best kids games app I ve found. 1
Is it unusual to stage a merger like this with the explicit goal of splitting into three smaller companies in the near-ish future? If the company is planning on splitting, I would imagine the consequence of having two headquarters would be different.
The model S has a ground clearance of 6 inches and a center of gravity of 17.5 inches. This thing has a ground clearance of 16 inches. Assuming similar weight distribution, that s a center of gravity of 27.5 inches. Compare that with BMW 3 series 20 inches Subaru BRZ 18.1 inches Porsche 911 GT3 17.9 inches
RDS Elastic Beanstalk, because I am extremely lazy and like GUIs
A much better UX would be clear error messaging informing users that the service is down and there is no problem with their individual account.This would prevent people from panicking they ve been hacked and or unnecessarily resetting their password.
That was my first thought.A company grows into its funding, not what it needs to do and they raised more than 300M over the years .
There are multiple definitions of continent . See . These include From the perspective of geology or physical geography, continent may be extended beyond the confines of continuous dry land to include the shallow, submerged adjacent area the continental shelf 6 and the islands on the shelf continental islands , as they are structurally part of the continentand As a cultural construct, the concept of a continent may go beyond the continental shelf to include oceanic islands and continental fragments. In this way, Iceland is considered part of Europe and Madagascar part of Africa.
Google sheets for quick barcharts.Pandas Seaborn for complex graphs with multiple data points.
Swift, C , Scala the top languages for having a bloated design and make people choose between a gazillian ways of doing things for every single coding decision.
I am by far not an animal rights activst and enjoy my daily portion of meat and dairy, but shreddering millions of male chicks always struck me als plain wrong, even by my carnivorian standards. This is progress that I fully support and I would not mind paying a little ! extra to make sure that for my scrambled eggs no male chicken are shreddered.
those nested setTimeout fn calls are hard to read. I would extract their bodies.
real
Not really. They ve spent that money on hunting equipment only to realize that it would have been more clever to ask the people whose money they spend, if they should do it.This is why it never happened again.Learning from mistakes is something good.
Good! If you cannot be a genius at 20 you still have 40 years to become a master.
This doesn t make any sense. Smartphones are completely different devices than PCs. They shouldn t even be compared.Good thing is just that we can do so much more on a smartphone that we needed a PC before, and by that, I mean sitting in a desk.And no, smartphones aren t for media creation OR consumption. Smartphones are for interpersonal communication first.
Labelling GMO non-GMO status tells you nothing about what is actually in the food you eat, in the same way that labelling Scrum non-Scrum status tells you nothing about what is in the software you use.The only thing a label that says GMO would tell you is that there has been more regulatory review of what is in it than if it wasn t a GMO.
Great now explain that to granny on her phone.
Then Tannenbaum came out with his book and it didn t really take off. Then Torvalds open-sourced linux and that is what started to gain popularity.cough BSDi cough
As Hawking once explained, Since events before the Big Bang have no observational consequences, one may as well cut them out of the theory, and say that time began at the Big Bang. When cosmologists talk about the universe and its age, it seems to me, as a non-cosmologist, that they re using terms of art related to their models.Hawking s explanation deduces that if the observable universe expanded from a singularity, we would be unable to meaningfully theorize what happened before then, since it would be beyond any form of observation to test the theory. Therefore, a scientific model rooted in observation can describe nothing earlier than the Big Bang.However, not everything unseen is untrue. If a singularity were to form somewhere in Andromeda tomorrow in all likelihood, one will we will still have existed today.Edit The initial comment was meant as a lighthearted reply to the universe personification, but I ended up sensing a need to explain the reasoning.
Seems to have pretty good understanding and performance.
Investors will look at financial statements in whatever sad form they exist at most startups , but they don t look at itemized expenses. They also expect lots of money to be spent.For example, let s say I wanted to take an expensive vacation. I would fly to Europe 1st class, of course , stay in nice hotels, and basically live it up. I would mark this down as a recruiting expense , or customer acquisition cost . If the investor cared to drill down to this level, all they would see is a 75,000 trip to Europe for recruiting. They wouldn t know how many people went, or how successful it was. 75k is nothing next to an engineer s salary, and a recruiter would take a fee on the same order of magnitude, so I doubt they would bat an eye, but a 20-something founder could take a pretty sweet vacay for 75k.Want a new motorcycle? Its for product testing, of course. New 80k Tesla? We re exploring how our tech could be expanded to used in cars, not just with motorcycles. Hookers and blow? Team building.
MHP?
I m surprised to hear you take this position. If I set up a website with pages for companies including RescueTime, collected security vulnerability reports, provided statistics about them, included your logo and a comment about your commitment to secure software development, I d expect to hear from your lawyers.
The Darwin Awards are going to become a big Tesla advertisement.
You can translate and transform many things to many others. The important question is what is the computational complexity of the transformation? If it is large, then the two things are very different.As Scott Aaronson once said, waterfalls could be viewed as playing chess, but as the complexity of the translation from the waterfall language to a chess language understandable by humans is as great as the complexity of an actual chess-playing program, all the work is done in the translation.So the question you should be asking is where the complexity is being spent and on what.
those who access medical cannabis legally pay on average 34 percent more for their medicine than if they bought from the unregulated market.I mean, that s true with most things isn t it? If you buy meat from the dodgy guy in a pub then it s cheaper. Bloke selling televisions from a van? Cheaper. Cigarettes from a corner store that have been imported from a low tax country? Cheaper. Getting the electric gas done in your house from someone who is unlicensed? Cheaper.Not sure why we would expect this to be different.
Since I don t really follow Hollywood I found out about this movie only yesterday. I haven t seen it yet, but watched the trailer. So apparently there s something about this movie that provokes poking holes in its portrayal of physics -- I immediately got very annoyed while watching the trailer.First, they don t have their visors those Sun protective, gold plated ones . I m not sure, but I guess that s a big no-no on EVAs, having the Sun enter your field of vision so close to it in Earth s orbit would probably do some eye damage. Again, I m not sure the visor is always mandatory but I don t remember seeing any photos of actual EVAs without it being down.Second, Sandra Bullock rotating while attached to Canadarm... My impression was that the g force would be too high for her to stay conscious, or able to communicate. But it turns out intuition was wrong on that one back of envelope calculation gives 3 g assuming 15 m length for the Canadarm assuming it is the Shuttle Canadarm , but it was slightly retracted so it would be less, and a period of 4 s while still attached to the Shuttle, and 1.5 g when the arm broke off 3 m radius, 2-3 s period . So, that s OK. Third, the abuse those suits were getting! That s just crazy. At that point I got so annoyed that I didn t bother to notice all the other stuff the article talks about.Now I m just bummed out that all this might have spoiled the movie for me I tried not to read the plot section on Wikipedia, but got a glimpse of the ending as I was scrolling . Nerd rage is a horrible thing.
I think you re wrong... in NYC, there has been a huge spike in crime and shootings... number of people murdered this way dwarfs the number of people shot by the police1. I talked about police violence in general, not just shooting. Shooting is the more extreme case of violence.2. There are crime problems elsewhere in the world - like that Netherlands issue in the story - and yet, the police essentially never shoot people unless shot at first. Or, you know what, maybe it s once every few years in the entire country.3. Even if shootings were rare, the fact that the police _may_ just shoot you, means you are in danger of your life whenever you are in contact with the police. And the police - in many most places - expect to be treated as those who have the power to decide whether you live or die. This is especially true since these killings are often arbitrary, i.e. it is not the most dangerous and violent people in the most suspicious of situations that get shot, or otherwise killed by police.4. I don t live in NYC. Can you give some citation for the dwarfing part? When people are in actual fear of their lives, it s not the police they are worried about. And this has manifested itself in the election.You mean the mayor elections in NYC? I don t live in the US, so I m not well-versed at city-level politics at all. I basically know Yang ran and failed...Anyway, from my experience and knowledge, that s usually very often not true - depending on the level of social consciousness of course. In neighborhoods or cities where the state is perceived as being controlled by a rich and powerful minority, especially if it s mostly of a different color or ethnicity and when the state is uncaring and oppressive towards you and your surrounding society - crime is perceived being to a great extent the result neglect and even active encouragement and collusion of the state and the regular and political police with criminal elements. In the US the political police would be some of the three-letter agencies I suppose.This is actually a crisis faced by Palestinian society in Israel these days, which would merit an article of its own, but this is just a comment. I am curious your perspective? Are you actually someone who lives in the hood and has a fear of your life on daily basis, and fear cops more than criminals?Well, first of all, I m afraid of cops because of what they do to me and other people during popular protests or just demonstrations. I was standing next to a person when this cop grabbed his head and banged it against the curb. Cops stole my coat once as they were hauling me to be detained arrested although I m not sure whether one of them took it or whether they just threw it away . Cops almost ran me over a few times, with motorcycles and with horses. Cops fired a stun grenade into a crowd right next to me just a couple of months ago. etc. etc.I lived in a semi-hood for a few years I was never fearful for my life, because the society I live in is much less violent than in the US, but I was still sometimes fearful. I was always more afraid of the cops than of groups of young men on a street corner. Of course, if I were not from the privileged ethnic group, i.e. if I were of Arab Middle-Eastern rather than European descent, I would have been _really_ afraid of cops and probably even less worried about people in my neighborhood.
How about this crazy idea that instead of bringing war to those nice neighborhoods, to try to make all neighborhoods better?
Your dev doesn t know what he s talking about. Get rid of him. You obviously don t trust him enough to be working with him in the first place, if you re coming here for a second opinion.Craft has the concepts of singles pages and channels 1 . You only need one copy of Craft running.I can t recommend a file structure without knowing how your current URLs are constructed, but there definitely is a solution that doesn t involve subdomains.Just as an example, let s say you install Craft to craft and your existing Laravel code is in laravel.You d configure your server such that tutorials whatever is always directed to craft public_html index.php, and products whatever assuming products is your current URL prefix is always redirected to laravel public index.php.All that said, Craft may not be the right solution for you. WordPress isn t particularly well-engineered, but it s totally free, there are millions of themes and plugins for it, and the considerations involved in deploying managing it are discussed to death online. In short it has a massive community, and that s important when it comes to saving time money.1.
Or if she really wanted to be charitable distribute her shares to the rank and file employees before the sale via an EBT assuming the USA has such a thing
It s VIP tunnel vision. Rich people with celebrity status never suffer the negative effects of those systems. In fact, it actually benefits them because the system knows they re rich and actively favours them because they re considered more valuable than the rest of us.Of course he doesn t get worked up because if his assistant calls for support on anything they get routed to the VIP support system and a team of people spring into action to solve the problem for him.People like Carmack don t have to use the shitty systems they re building, so they don t care. He s just another rich asshole IMO.
Flat aluminum sheds heat better than plastic but it s not very good at it.That s why it is a 27 heatsink instead of a 2 one.Most of the heat is going to be moved out by the dual fans anyway. The Aluminum will dissipate what it picks up from the moving air before it leaves the chassis by the side vents.
The game is absolutely riddled with bugs, though, and every update adds more.Isn t that the primary gameplay loop?
This just doesn t doesn t make sense to me lol. If that s the case, why would the licensors add more clause? They re basically irrelevant.Licensor can add extra clauses as long as it doesn t introduce any restrictions to the freedom granted in AGPL. If the new clauses clash with the freedoms granted in AGPL, the license allows users to treat these additional restrictive clauses as not applicable to them. The provision to add more clauses in AGPL is to only provide more protection of the freedom of the user the main intent of the FSF license . For example, to plug some loophole that the FSF did not consider. A user might have wrongly thought that AGPL meant they could resell it, and ignored reading the added clause.AGPL license doesn t restrict a user from commercialising an AGPL software and redistributing it. So a user cannot be faulted here if they chose to ignore any additional restrictive clause stating that user can only use it non-commercially. But they also said that the intended clause from the authors mattered, not the interpretation of the user,That s the part of the ruling causing the debate - FSF supporters feel in such a case, it means the judge chose to ignore that it is an AGPL license from FSF thus choosing to ignore the intention and principles behind it , and perhaps chose to treat it a derivative but new license by the author s of the software. Hence their ruling that it not open source and free .
What I wrote needed to be said, despite evidently containing very little interesting content, precisely because of how severely it provokes certain people who claim not to even disagree with it. The degree of the provocation proves the value of the statement.The point of science isn t to punk the researchers. So no, what you wrote didn t need to be said.As I and others have repeatedly pointed out, our models are wrong. We know they are wrong. What they are is less wrong than previous models. That doesn t make them right or dogma. Rather it makes them the model that currently provides the best explanation for observed reality.That neither requires or suggests that research investigation into modifications of our current models and or into completely different models is unseemly or inappropriate.What I and presumably others, as they ve expressed similar thoughts require, if you want me to accept modified brand new theories models is, at a minimum, a logic-based argument as to why a modified new model describes the universe more completely accurately than current models. Assuming you can convince me that it s plausible, the next step is to present observational data that supports your logically argued hypothesis -- and that such data is described by your model theory more completely accurately than other models. I.e., that your theory model is less wrong than our extant models which are also wrong, but less wrong than previous models theories.And if you can t present such data e.g., with M-Theory 0 , then it s not science, it s just math, philosophy and or metaphysics.That s not to say math philosophy metaphysics aren t useful. They absolutely are. However, without data or the means to collect such data , it s impossible to falsify 1 such hypotheses and, as such, aren t science. 0
In this case it was apparently a law firm.
Sucks badly, when you re in the 0.6 group, though.That said I was standing a number of times dumbfunded at the carousel after all bags were distributed.Usually it was due to having been sent with an earlier flight, have fallen down probably on the way to the carousel, to then be delivered to my place of stay arriving earlier than me or something around those lines.Really lost only happened once, which was on a BA flight connecting in Heathrow of course . It was delivered the next day and sent from the airport by taxi.Still, it sucks if you re part of a statistic and your luggage really gets lost. And it does happen.
It s interesting that someone found my summary of the article threatening enough that they wanted to vote it down. For context, here s a direct quote from the article describing what the complaint is NLRB has found Google s policy against employees looking at certain coworkers calendars is unlawful
Hello, instead of like, Python you would reach for this instead. Already able to replace whole shell scripts with this. What would you like to see? Snippets?
Dumb question, but what does DHH stand for?
Hmm. A followup question are there any cheats hacks that would make it possible if painful to for example explore the world of USB3, PCIe, or Linux on low-end-ish ARM eg based on the tiny 533MHz without needing to buy equipment in the mid-4-figure low-5-figure range, if I were able to substitute a statistically larger-than-average amount of free time and discipline ?For example, I learned about recently, a bit of a niche kitchen sink that uses to lower a domain-specific subset of Python 3 into Verilog which then runs on the Glasgow board s iCE40HX8K. The project basically creates a workflow and hardware to use cheap FPGAs for rapid iteration. The README makes the point that the synthesis is sufficiently fast that caching isn t needed. In certain extremely specific situations where circumstances align perfectly caveat emptor , devices like this can sometimes present a temporary escape to the inevitable process of acquiring one s first second-hand high-end oscilloscope fingers-crossed the expensive bits still have a few years left in them . To some extent they may also commoditize the exploration of very high-speed interfaces, which are rapidly becoming a commonplace principal of computers eg, having 10Gbps everywhere when USB3.1 hits market saturation will be interesting faster than test and analysis kit can keep up eg to do proper hardware security analysis work . The Glasgow is perhaps not quite an answer to that entire statement, but maybe represents beginning steps in that sort of direction.So, to reiterate - it s probably an unhelpfully broad question, and I m still learning about the field so haven t quite got the preciseness I want yet, but I m curious what gadgetry, techniques, etc would perhaps allow someone to hack it and dive into this stuff on a shoestring budget, on the assumption the ride would be a tad bumpier?
Your work is impressive, I don t see why you wouldn t get into that school. I do wish I had those opportunities skills at that time frame though.
Not everyone can breastfeed
I suspect that the increased Hong Kong coverage might have at least partially driven by heightened interest in the UK ex UK colony pushing interest in the anglosphere.
Am considering Ruby at the moment. But reminded of Twitter dropping Ruby due to certain reliability issues. Hence having second thoughts. Or am I a little ahead of myself here worrying about something that may never affect me?
Focus on making something, you ll be too busy or maybe just too tired outside of it to spend time arguing with people.More generally, avoid idle hands , which is a poor phrase since arguing with the internet is a very idle thing to do despite lots of hand movement whereas reading say a book of philosophy from the 1600s is probably going to be better for you and involves less hand movement.Or like another comment says, wait. This is probably your most realistic option anyway. It tends to get old as you get old too. Sometimes it s the same arguments sometimes with the same people, but even without that get old, or eventually stop mattering to you on an alief level, regardless of your it does doesn t matter verbal belief level. Sometimes it s because you advance your own thinking and then find yourself at a place where it s just hard to find people with the same background context, so when you do engage others before you can argue about what you actually want to argue about, you first have to futilely attempt to close the inferential distance they lack because they haven t read the books you ve read or whatever. It gets old.As a remark on the top comment, I got into Taoist philosophy quite a bit in my teens. It helped helps not being attached to outcomes or having a need to argue apart from it being pleasurable, it helps cultivate it doesn t really matter views, but it didn t stop me from entering a very argumentative phase anyway. It s also fun to just discuss things, but the very act of bringing topics and edge cases and implications thereof up for discussion even if you don t strongly hold a conclusion can still comes across as argumentative . Oh well.Are these one-on-one chats or group chats you re mostly in? As a word of caution, arguing with people one-on-one is a great way to eventually not chat with them at all in the future. On the other hand not arguing with them is no path to long term conversation either. Not everyone is a creature of the internet. Sometimes you ll find that rare buddy who seems to indulge in your arguing, and can change your mind from time to time too, and they exist, but then some of them are fighting what they perceive to be an attack on their ego rather than what you think is an ego-free discussion trying to reason about a topic and so regardless of the intermediary results the final result of no longer having conversations at all is the same.
Would be fun to create an index out of this.Weight on popularity.Track on the top of the page.
Are you talking about manually pre-transcoding to a more streaming-friendly format? Since anyone taking about issues with transcoding is almost certainly talking about 4K formats anything else is almost no load even on 10 year old hardware , I d be interested to know what format you re picking that retains 4K Dolby Vision and or HDR10 with the Atmos audio and is supported for more efficient non-transcoded transfer by the Plex client and server software. Certainly some are better but only work on specific clients, I haven t heard of a good efficient format that works on the majority of client devices.
He probably does. But there s influence and then there s dictatorial power.
As a reminder, we had Snowden in NSA who at that time was estimated to have a headcount of 20k or so.Snowden s revelations are infinitely more important to the public interest than some recommendation algorithms, as evidenced by the fact that he had to leave the country and seek permanent political asylum. He didn t do it for fun.
And a viable way to get to safety, including a full tank of gas, spare tire, and more water than you d think.
It has been forked as InterWebPPC
Sure, how do you define does very well in China?
English version in imitation mammal skin 175.
While I m sure Andreessen Horowitz feels some tech-world pride in this investment, they are still a venture capital firm. This article is a bit too sensational, self-loving to really portray the importance of the investment.I think TechCrunch nailed it in their article today, where they wrote, Think of it as a filing system for every draft of a document. Github right now is limited to code-sharing. But it s potential is so incredibly huge. Like the article stated, imagine applying it to PSDs, Word Docs, Excel sheets, any document imaginable. IMO that would be THE killer enterprise prodcut.
Glock ships their Glock 19 from Austria to Smyrna, Georgia, with adjustable target sights to have enough points under US import law and then an armorer changes those sights to their fixed self defense sights to be sold in the US market. Presumably the sights get shipped back to Austria for the next batch.
This mod, together with save anywhere and lookup anything makes the game much more relaxing
I ve been using telegram since 2013 every single day. I don t want my chat app to drain my battery, I don t want it to waste bandwidth and I want to be able to have so little latency that I feels real-time no matter where I am.Telegram feels like that group of people they warned you about. Sexual and political freedom. Be whatever you want others to see you like. Easy bot API, deep event based td-lib SDK, censorship bypass through MTProto proxies. Delete messages you sent before your crush sees them because you changed your mind. Send messages anonymously in a group if you have multiple admins. Forbid people from clicking your profile when your messages are forwarded. See the people who saw your messages in a group.Telegram feels like the last place where as a European I m not dealing with US-identity ideology, where I m not dealing with copyright censorship, where everyone can speak up no matter how normal or insane.In this moment I have 17 bots keeping me up to date with all the things happening, and telegram has essentially become the single stream of news and online social interactions for me.
Ironically, the video cannot be played on a stock iPhone.
The effects of lead pellets in marshes as bird mass poisoner is a well known problem in ecology. They are worsening the problem.
that s what I was using for Twootball, the problem is that it breaks during the playoff.
Ordinary Americans understand the First Amendment better than the elites do. Users who say Facebook, Twitter and Google are violating their constitutional rights are right. Aggrieved plaintiffs should sue these companies now to protect the voice of every American and our constitutional democracy.Does anyone find it amusing that Facebook and Twitter, which are basically venues for cheap entertainment, are now considered an important part of democracy by this author? If both these sites didn t exist people would go to Reuters, NYT, Imgur, etc directly. And nothing of value would be lost. Suppression of dissent breeds terror. The answer to last week s horror should be to open more channels of dialogue, not to close them off. If disaffected Americans no longer have an outlet to be heard, the siege of Capitol Hill will look like a friendly parley compared with what s to come.What did domestic terrorists like Timothy McVeigh do before Facebook and Twitter? They killed people. Liberals should worry too. If big tech can shut down the president, what stops them from doing the same to Joe Biden if he backs antitrust suits against social-media companies? Our Framers deeply understood the need for checks and balances in government. They couldn t anticipate the rise of a new Leviathan with unchecked power to make extraconstitutional political judgments under the mantle of private enterprise.That s fine if a website doesn t want to feature Biden. The framers couldn t even imagine the amount of media exposure that politicians have achieved from the internet.
You have a funny take on it, but it s actually a guy flipping over a table.
Sending logs off as they re written to a centralized logging server or a time-series database would have been useful in this context.Schneier Kelsey s paper Secure Audit Logs to Support Computer Forensics 1 seems relevant here. At the time I know that they wished to patent the work does anyone know if a patent were granted, and if so when it expires? 1
I ve read a few stories about the lack of confidence in America s missile defense systems. We have THAAD missile 0 in Asia as a counter punch to North Korea but from what I ve read confidence in the system is pretty low.Israel s Iron Dome 1 system seems to be effective but I would assume there are differences in the system and proximity of Palestine to Israel and the missiles fired that allow it to be so effective.As a further point, the fact that our missile defense systems are so poor just emphasizes how reckless our approach to North Korea is, their missile technology is getting better and better while our defense system is unproven and yet top Trump administration officials talk about war as if it s not a big deal. Truly scary stuff. 0 1
This IS a great design. What isn t is the new front page with four columns two that are actively updating content. The simplicity of the timeline looks wonderful, but man that new front page is daunting
I ended up at and there s no activity in the last two years, the latest issues are a few you broke my wallet with the update and my password doesn t work from 2018.
Ok, thanks for the clarification, I missed the context. As a side note I think functionally they serve that purpose, but were never created to be so they simply cannot resist the compelling power of the state under which they have been licensed as a taxable entity and are subject to its laws and leaders...
Yeah, the lego people where just building and destroying and weren t allowed to think outside that norm. Master builders were outlawed and creativity was frowned upon.Lego movie is a movie from the perspective of the kid who wants to play but his father who is also represented as the CEO absolute ruler wants to keep his lego world as he once made it the kragl glue superweapon
No languages were banned. We use Java, Python, Node, and Golang at Atlassian, possibly others, too.
But what participants in this study were actually asked to do is predict what action the code would produceSo this code looks at the pathname, then some cookies, and then either calls the signin function or returns True seems to align with that.
I use revelation password manager. may not be the most complete manager around but it has everything that you require.Combine that with dropbox and you can carry your encrypted password file around anywhere you go at any pc you have.I store everything there.I just wish there was an android version of it.Perhaps ill do it one day if i ever manage to find some time !
It s sad what s become of Hong Kong and the rich Culture over the years.
Very nice post and interesting read. While reading it, a silly question came to me We have speed of light, speed of sound but no speed of time. Yes, I know that speed is distance over time and so we can t have speed of time since time doesn t move, but spacetime expands and moves.
I m a simpleton when it comes to video editing, but I was able to make a series of professional-looking videos without a whole lot of trouble in February.I only run Linux, so I m not sure what I would ve done without Kdenlive since I don t see what else I could have possibly used.Huge thanks to everyone who contributes to the project!
That particular function is tied to Maybe and Either. Good luck with that when your functions start returning all types of different monads and welcome to monad transformer hell.
the reason the pay is so low is that it s part of a PhD, usually, so the TAs tolerate it. i don t think you could hire someone to just be a TA full time at those wages.you can t admit more PhD students, necessarily, because to graduate they need to do research under an advisor, and access to grants projects won t necessarily grow along with required teaching staff.
I don t think I ve ever used google so much. The search feature in particular.Even navigating my own website is faster with a google search than to click on 3 links.
From what I ve read so far see other links in discussion , the researchers believe that they have likely solved the corrosion issue by removing hydrogen and oxygen from the salt equations.
That just makes it sound like it s cyclical or random which type of game is on top. Otherwise how would that be happening over and over?
If you think longer term, what s the point of having a higher quality of life if we die because of pollution and irreversible climate change anyway?
Why would you do this, instead of just building something on the metal?On a slow platform ok, an iPhone! serialization of a 20 field object to a file is approximately 50x faster than running an update statement against SQLite.You are giving up a LOT of performance, even with a platform that s relatively fast, such as SQLite.
You could say he gave it away or more accurately say he took steps to ensure the survival of Patagonia and it s values after he s gone
exec 5 dev tcp localhost 80 echo -ne GET HTTP 1.1rnHost localhostrnrn 5 cat 5 FTFY
PSA if you re thinking of repairing appliances that run on mains power supply A lot of you might be comfortable tinkering with breadboards or Arduinos and hobbyist electronics, but mains electricity can be lethal. Please consider hiring a professional electrician before you start replacing failing components or power cables if you re unsure about what you re doing.Stay safe
That may be technically true, but decoding sad encoding JSON without reading numbers as doubles is a special feature.
Raising insulin is bad. Feeds pathogenic processes and all other nasty stuff as a precursor.
Why isn t this wrapped in a react component and written with ES7 lambda functions, transpiled from JSX using babel of course ?God I hate what has happened to the web these days.
There goes half of your cover!
The data makes sense to me but not the interpretation. My 2.5yo son loves watching Lego assembly videos on Youtube during his TV time, which is of course tied to my account, which therefore means I contribute to his middle aged male statistic. Perhaps I am having a tough time empathizing but I find it hard to believe droves of men my age are watching Lego assembly videos in the background.
I would use the term property theft, because I would have the exact same reaction to someone stealing my wages, my stuff, or my time.
Why? Is it some kind of hand-holding exercise because the F-Droid team don t trust devs to snip The F-Droid team don t and _shouldn t_ trust devs, period.Trusting them to build and submit their own APKs is how you get the Play Store.
I agree with what you re saying but think you haven t considered the correct counterfactual.Right now we live in a world where candidates raise oodles of cash. Why? Mostly to pay for marketing and media pushes. Money gets you TV ads, radio spots, etc.Let s say we wave our magic Citizens United wand and heavily restrict campaign financing in some way. Restrict how much they can raise. Restrict how much they can spend. Restrict where they can get money. Doesn t matter, just imagine that the end result is that candidates raise a few million instead of a few billion.What happens now? You hit the nail ont he head right there Overall this is not a problem in the USA alone if you have the media papers on your side the chance of winning an elections grows exponential.The media is biased. It s biased because it s ultimately run by humans and humans aren t robots. Media owners have politicians they favour. Media employees have political leanings.Right now, in a world with essentially unlimited campaign spending, this media bias largely doesn t matter, because they are more than happy to take any politician s money in exchange for ad spaceThis changes in a world where politicians can t spend enough money to buy ad space. In this world, who gets the TV spots? The people with connections. The candidates leverage personal friendships and ideological biases to get heavily discounted airtime while the less well connected, or less institutionally popular candidates get nothing.We all look at campaign financing and see the bad parts, but consider the alternative. In this world, Sanders can still run TV spots because he can crowdsource money from grassroots sources and pay what ads cost. In a world with that door closed to him, all he can do is fall back on connections and hope for the best. And for someone for whom being an outsider is so core to his branding, I wouldn t count on those connections to amount to much
Can someone explain what these speaking fees Wall Street pays are really about?Status, connections implied or otherwise , exclusivity and, sometimes, education.However I ve also seen speakers in the pharma industry who just turned up and gave a mediocre speech on topics we were already cognisant and then return to their job as Key Selection Maker at Hospital X with a fatter wallet then they arrived, and having spent a few days in a sunny location with some very drunk sales reps.
From personal experience using this map, if you re the worst areas designated by white on the map, you will be able to make out only the brightest of objects like Venus, Jupiter, Saturn, Rigel, Betelgeuse, Sirius. Anything fainter will be difficult with the naked eye. As you get into the reds oranges, you ll be able to see most of the more visible constellations. I can find all of Orion and the Big Dipper. In the yellow areas, the Pleiades cluster is pretty visible. In the green areas, you might be able to make out a faint shape of the Milky Way, but the time you re in a blue area you will definitely see it. In the black areas, it s almost overwhelming how much can be seen.If you live in an area any where from red to white and are not usually prone to looking up, then I d venture a guess that you might be pretty impressed by visiting a yellow to green spot on the map. Being bold and visiting a blue to black area will just blow you away.These are all naked eye examples. Using any type of seeing aide will improve things dramatically. A simple pair of binoculars in a white part of the map will reveal so many more stars. The entire constellation of Orion can be seen in binocs. You just need a few visible starts to find your way. Any of the apps like StarWalk or StarChart will help you find your way. However, in the white parts of the map, I can never see Polaris bright enough to properly align my telescope for accurate guiding. I usually just use my phone s compass to point in the general direction of North, and go from there. In those areas, I can easily see the rings of Saturn and a few moons, make out the belts on Jupiter and several moons, and have even seen the different phases of Venus. I even took the scope out to a roof top bar a few years ago to let people see one of the PanStar comets.
Fossil fuels? they can be toxic, difficult to transport, polluting, and worst of all, highly combustible, even explosive!I can t imagine us adopting a technology with such flaws, it could never be made to work. s
Linus Torvalds also has many criticisms of the Linux desktop. 1 None of the commercial applications I have bought will run on Linux without wasting time tinkering. For programming, I m forced to use Xcode because it s required on the App Store. I couldn t use Linux even if I did want to use something worse than macOS. 1
flagged
joe is bummed none of you tried to import your linkedin profile into your account
Your product landing page looks very cool. I would add call to action at the bottom of it though, not just at the beginning.I would remove clipart-like images from the blogpost. I had a feeling this is a software from the 90s reading the blogpost.
Ignore the conclusions, instead look at the data.Also, do not ignore the opinion, instead look for it specifically, and assume that the data has been curated to support that opinion. Then go find the gaps.
I ve done exactly this to moderate effect with greenstuff modeling epoxy. I use it in my other hobbies and had it on hand. It lacks the strength to really break multiple seals from some of the loctite s used in apple products. related a tough Allen wrench of similar size and some luck works on those oddball sized heads.
I really really don t want what I m about to say taken to mean anything other than the condemnation of corporate face saving.Companies certainly don t care about addressing the underlying issues, and they can t have their institution represented on those charts like that.Going forward, if you can help fix those data visualizations, you are going to be an auto hire. This is how they see the world.I think we re just getting started with this stuff, and more breakdowns of the data are coming for all facets of society.
Same boat for me. Solidarity.
If any of this is potentially true, the entire senior executive layer should be walked out of the building on a plank by pirates.
Its just basically impossible to get a consumer grade nat without an inbuilt stateful firewall.He s correct that the NAT doesn t stop the connection, but the stateful firewall is another service on the same device so you will never really notice the differenceWith the theoretical situation of a NAT without a firewall a connection is technically possible, as long as you are able to inspect any previously sent TCP packets and use the sender bits to route your new packets
Check my homage to the guy who produced their best beats preview
Should I be able to sue google for including chrome os on chromebooks? Apple for preinstalling osx? Android? Ios? What about the os for my cars display, or my smart tv?Yes
They should work on banning its use outside of war and against civilians. It is the nature of war to demand proliferation of such things. Americans have the luxury of fighting wars in other continents but for most nations war means your civilians being killed or worse and being subjugated to the enemy. Not just this but even nukes make a lot of sense as a deterrent. But using these weapons in strategic attacks like with drones or to assist in proxy wars or to accept and shrug off civilian deaths as collateral damage is unacceptable.
We have several centuries of evidence that private industry is better at bringing innovative products to market than centralized governments.
No, you could still have one cached copy for everyone. The SSL termination happens before the user s request gets to the caching server. As far as the cache is concerned, it is a regular http request. The only problem is you cannot have generic caches that live closer to the end user the cache has to be controlled by the person controlling the SSL termination.
I can t edit my parent post, but Turkey thankfully did let the respirators pass through customs today. Even if they were build in turkey by a turkish company, the sell to Spain was before Turkey implemented the no-medical-export-ban so after some diplomacy calls they let it through I guess hopefully we can send them back to others in need when they need it
No, I was a beliver on WinRT as merge for COM .NET world, .NET Native as it should have always been and C CX as Microsoft finally getting the point of C Builder.They just borked the whole execution and burned the bridges that many of us had, with the multiple rewrites since Windows 8 came to be, dropping support for devices and finally dropping even .NET Native and C CX.The irony is that Windows 11 is so rushed out, that they needed to still make use of UWP for the new UI regardless of WinUI 3.0 marketing.
Ha!
So are these uber guys the kids of Enron guys? The managment style, the flouting of rules and decorum, seems very similar.
I don t doubt that it s a good way for you to quickly get customers. I just would never use it myself.But it s getting pretty clear that the only innovation here is to target lower income families than your competitors, by using platforms like tiktok and charging a low upfront fee but higher monthly fee .
I was hoping for the nuclear aircraft carrier. So much for my geek cred! that CVN-65 was the second aircraft carrier of its name, and there will be a third in 2028.The first future third
including a greater demographic spread can only lead to a wider variety of ideas in the memepool seems self-evidentMen are interchangeable? Women are capable of thoughts men aren t? Every rationale for such a statement I ve come up with is appalling.
I wonder if you could make the key board overlap the lower portion of the screen, and when not in use, flip it down and around to the back of the phone. Would require some software and a clever physical mechanism that may not be easy or even possible though.
I feel like this is a false choice.Let s add one actor to this. Google. Are you free not to use Google?What does that choice mean? I don t mean I use duck duck go . I mean, you don t use or touch anything that Google provides.How much of the internet just disappeared for you? Are you free not to use Google in this context?Your comment also dismisses the very real reality that you have very smart people, tricking you into playing with these services all day. Do you not accept this? Do you also believe that advertising doesn t work on you?Like most modern problems, the issue isn t simple and the solution isn t simple.Before you reply, I predict your response will include some form of I don t use these, never have and never will . Great! I applaud this.How many people in your life do? Is it a majority? Are the majority of people in your life participating in something that you are now blacked out from? Is removing yourself from the experience the best way to engage in the solution?
I d be surprised if they didn t. There s a markup at which it d be very economical to be a broader registrar. Future upselling is worth pulling users away from other registrars. Some of them will compete against CloudFlare sooner or later. Google s headed that way.
It s a suggestion from a direct superior in a hierarchical power structure. A little bit of communication isn t going to change the context.So no, it is not something simple like bad communication .I think one of the main problems here is that people in power often feel like they have to justify themselves by giving technical feedback, even when it s not appropriate.
The link you have is also old - most of the issues reported there are not valid anymore with C 11.BTW, at least for Windows 8 now Microsoft recommends you to start new projects in JavaScript or C in this order .
Thought I would mention in Mycin in the interest of completeness.
I remember once the screen in front of me crashed and clearly booted up some flavour of linux. it even displayed the penguin! Oh and i think it did end up on a console... though there were no USB ports visible at the time
No, it s actually FSL
A developer friend told me that one of his biggest problems are accounting related. I probably have this wrong, but I think he was saying that if he has commercial tenants, everything can be depreciated over 20 years. If the building is residential, then the depreciation schedule is 30 years. When you have a building that contains a mix of the two, it gets complicated.
I use extra_hosts parameter for this particular scenario
If you can t believe how cheap it is now, you should have seen the pricing structure that he was proposing until a number of his friends said Have you been LISTENING to your own advice over the last 5 years?
best in the market I think the evidence shows that no, they aren t.
So you are saying normal people don t hire accountants to ensure they pay the minimal amount of tax while wealthy people do? Normal people don t hire accountants for the simple fact that it isn t economically viable for them. The taxes they could save is much lower then the pay for the accountant. This balance is of course completely different for a billionaire. I m willing to bet that if the cost of hiring an accountant would be 500 and a normal person would pay 5000 less in tax because of that then almost everyone would have an accountant at the ready. In fact you would be financially irresponsible not doing that.The thing you talk about in your post is that billionaires have more power and use that power to their advantage. Not unlike what anyone really does. Except that billionaires have much more weight to throw around.
I think this is a fascinating question and I don t honestly have an answer to it. There is a lot of interest in the broader HCI community around wearable tech, embodied tech, and ubiquitous computing. Naturally Google - a major employer of HCI researchers - has a lot of people who are into this sort of thing. But that just pushes the answer back to why is the HCI community so into this? My best guess is that the HCI research does not really have a central canon or paradigm a lot of people come from other departments CS, Psychology, ... . Consequently the community is very open minded about what constitutes valid research and creative expression and potential valued more than practicality.
A shame they don t say what the app is anywhere in the article. Sounds like snap chat?
Where can you get these drivers that exist but just aren t signed?
Spider-Man I thought was a well done blockbuster. First half drags a little but the climax and second half are pretty solid with an emotional scene and great chemistryIf you like Spider-Man or marvel you ll enjoy it
I ve helped drag down the median for about 10 years myself.I wonder if their subscriber income stats aren t heavily bifurcated.
Because just like most of these laws, on the surface it sounds nice and good like protecting the kids!! , but in reality it will be used and abused against you, even if you are a citizen.
Definitely, the whole presentation had a weird culty vibe to it. I couldn t take it seriously when the presenter was gushing over Windows so much.
Yup kinda best subreddit at the moment weird mix of llm training tips and tricks and people who wanna make sex bots.
Genuine appreciation for concise recapitulation. I felt I could hear the Tivo fast-forward beep-boop sound while reading your comment.
Indeed. Let s not forget why direct sales are illegal - they used to be exclusive. It was even harder than in the OP because you walked from manufacturer to manufacturer.Not that I don t think it is time for an overhaul or other models but ignoring history would be churlish.You pay for the inventory costs of spoilage in other industries!
Gotham by Tobias Frere-Jones. A very similar open source alternative is Montserrat by Julieta Ulanovsky
As investment, you don t actually have to live where you are buying. I have a relative 2000 miles away that buys condos in my city as investments. My wife researches them, reports back and they make a buying decision. There s a favorable situation here and they re taking advantage of it. Not by privilege by smart investing.
I encourage heavy demands, and talking with an attorney if they so much as twitch about it. All the warning lights on in a brand new car is a special hell.Then, regardless, perhaps file a complaint with the appropriate state agency they re probably quite interested in what a prior dealer might ve done
At the end of the day, you still need a reporter on the ground at location. That s the origination of any reputable news source.
yeah thats the one
Basic question - but when would you use this over d3.js?
Interesting, very close to where I was heading. Thank you for the insight.
I guess the ephemerides have their numbers truncated or noised in the clear version and more decimals in the encrypted version?
This is why i think a OS like Chrome is designed exactly to be this sort of trap. A cloud computing trap, where we are perfectly ok with alienating our digital life data to third-parties without understanding the depth of the problem we are getting into.The ones who control our digital properties, can control the world information is power, remember? . They might not, but they can, and also can aid third parties with shady intentions see all the Facebook fiasco . By the way, we should have learned this lesson already.Also, people often forget how groundbreaking was to have a compiler GCC directly embedded with the OS because you could mess with the source and compile it yourself. Its very liberating to have a platform where you can code and modify it.So i think a future where the likes of Chrome OS took over the world, is pretty scary as we ended turning our powerful and liberating computers into a sort of interactive TV .As i understand it, they will try to make it very easy for us to buy into this platform utopia, the problem is, in my point of view, that in the long term this will lead to some sort of digital feudalism. Lets not forget we are digitalizing our lives day-by-day, til the day there are very few useful things we do in the physical world.So in the future if Google for instance want to ban your account, this could have severe problems, as a side-effect of your digital ostracism. access to capital, bank, employment, etc..
Location Thailand Philippines Remote Yes Willing to relocate No Technologies Python py2app, asyncio, pyobjc, etc. , JS, Git, some experience with Objective-C and macOS APIs Resume CV Email jimperio gmail.comI m a generalist with 12 years of experience in software. Have worked mostly with one startup for that time, starting from web dev going to desktop and then to team lead, director of engineering, and CTO.I m comfortable learning whatever is needed for the role, and both with being an individual contributor and a manager team lead. I can communicate with both developers and product business teams and have bridged that gap in the past.
Already deleted Threads just a bunch of celebrity promoted garbage. Cannot search or sort by hashtags just a stream of corporate promoted nonsense mixed with ads. Not sure I where this app fits in with Instagram and Facebook already overlapping.
Alas, I don t think this works with the standard Unix tools, which is the main way I process tab-delimited text. Changing the field delimiter to whatever you want is fine, since nearly everything takes that as a parameter. But newline as record separator is assumed by nearly everything both in the standard set of tools, and in the very useful Google additions found in Google s defaults are ASCII or UTF-8 0xfe for the field separator, and n for the record separator. I guess that s a bit safer than tabs, but the kind of data I put in TSV really shouldn t have embedded tabs in a field... and I check to make sure it doesn t, because they re likely to cause unexpected problems down the line. Generally I want all my fields to be either numeric data, or UTF-8 strings without formatting characters.Not to mention that one of the advantages of using a text record format at all is that you can view it using standard text viewers.
I can see why you would want to spend as little time on support as possible and actually the goal is to improve your internal workflows, which the article spends more time on when your business model is founded upon taxing scammers 5 and ignoring users.Sorry for the snide post, I m just 0 3 now on kickstarter projects. All abandoned for years now, nothing delivered, no recourse, nobody cares, kickstarter aggressively ignores. It s beyond stupid and completely unsustainable.
Maybe we need a way of life that doesn t drive us all to depression in the first place. Get out of the house, into the wild once in a while. Move, play, exercise with a purpose instead of those dreadful torture chambers of stationary bikes and mills. They used to put criminals on treadmills as punishment!And increase socialization to a daily activity. No more trudging to a faceless cubicle, then trudging home to an empty flat for some TV time. Then drugs to sleep, and drugs to wake up again.We need no antidepressants we need to stop actively inducing depression!
First paragraph care more about what whoever does that action feels then about what impact it has.All in all, it rewards primary doing and saying nothing. Everyone else can be accused of virtue signaling.
Intel had some nice RISC processors, the i860 used in HPC accelerators and the NeXTdimension color graphics card in the early 90s , i960 used in many laser printers and the XScale next generation StrongARM, technology acquired from DEC, back then the fastest ARM CPU .Unfortunately, they killed them all...
I learned this the hard way when using gpg mutt back in 2001. All my Sent mail was being encrypted only with the recipient s key, so I couldn t read it myself. There s an option to also encrypt outgoing email with your own GPG key.
I agree in the final say being with the woman carrying the child however the father should be able to renounce all rights and responsibilities pre-birth if they do not want the child. Sex can lead to pregnancy and pregnancy leads to kids, both parties know the potential outcome so blaming it on one party seems a bit silly.
Highly recommend downloading draw anything on iOS, sd1.4 is available and it is quite fun!
Agreed.
An anti social media ban for kids could have been an easier start.
That comic is fake news. I can t find the source, but the Economist made a pretty good graph with good data demonstrating that when you control for certain factors, poor people and people with measured below average IQ definitely are more likely to have children. I saw the graph I m referring to a couple years ago on the Economist website.
Moscow, Sct. Petersburg, Nizhniy Novgorod are the main hubs for Russian IT at the moment.
This has been my experience. I love the fact that the standard library itself is written in Go, so it s easy to see what exactly is going on and even learn some idioms that way. It s refreshing for me personally as I had a JavaScript background before learning Go
You haven t actually said anything I disagree with, even though I m in the castle. Retreat sounds a little harsh. I would say Comfortably ensconced . Even if an AI nails down the behavioral functional aspects of a biological brain, that doesn t necessarily mean that the qualia have come along for the ride.Does it matter if they have? That seems to be the real question.Allow me to propose a thought experiment I m a traveller from the future, where the notion of qualia is understood and engineered maybe using techniques we would somewhat recognize today, maybe not . I present you with a machine that has a single red button. When the button is pressed, there is no observable behavior, except that 10,000 AI s are instantly created and subjected to extreme agony until the button is pressed again. What are your thoughts on pressing this button?
If you spend more than 4 hours a day writing Python or you have more than 4 months of experience with Python, PyCharm. Otherwise notepad or pico or vim or emacs or whatever. It is not a good first editor as it is for professional users who need powerful tools.
You are right. I usually do it, this time I forgot.
Down sides to e-books - Reading them sucks except on e-ink screens, for a variety of reasons, including that screens shut off while you re using them, the glow and eye strain, battery life of such devices, distractions, and more.- E-ink devices aren t great at footnotes, keeping a finger in an index end-notes page generally, bouncing between multiple reference pages , and so on. They re fine for contemporary fiction and that s about it. edit big example only one page visible at a time. Two-page layouts can be practically necessary for many mostly non-fiction books, but even in fiction having more text available to look back at can be really nice.- Physical books are a memory aid I often forget the title and author of e-books I m reading because I don t see the cover or spine or top-of-page notations, and spatial memory kicks in for certain things as far as depth-into-book and location-on-page. An edge case, but sometimes I have to locate a book by size and spine color.- Personal effort that s probably not common, but most of my books are arranged chronologically by often approximate date of author s first major work, making the shelves themselves a learning tool. I ve not seen a digital equivalent to a book shelf that does anything like this effectively, and certainly it wouldn t be there all the time in the room for passive absorption when you re not actively engaged in browsing.- They re also often cheaper than ebooks if you re not just pirating those. Used books are pretty cheap, and you can recover usually only a little, admittedly money from them if you get rid of them. Used fiction paperbacks can be so cheap they re effectively disposable.In ebooks favor, they re incredibly space and weight saving and they re searchable, and those are definitely big points in their favor. But if I m going to go to the trouble of reading anything other than contemporary fiction or very skimmable low-value non fiction think popular business books I m going to want a real book, so I can take advantage of the features of real books, not for smell or feel or whatever. another edit oh and you can leave several currently-reading books around the house without having to buy several 100-200 devices wait why isn t my book on this one anymore? Oh one of the kids picked it up and changed it to Wind in the Willows, hold on, gotta go to the menu... or go grab your e-reader from the other room or whatever. Ebooks may win for overall convenience, but they don t take it without giving up a couple goals to physical books.
From my experience in DE, it depends on the company size. Larger enterprises probably will go through an agency, probably to try to cover themselves against accusations of false self-employment Scheinselbstständigkeit .Anecdotally, the two contracts I had through agencies were still the most lucrative financially, despite the middleman taking a hefty cut, simply because large enterprise pay higher rates.
One problem for the wet market theory is that neither bats nor pangolins were sold at that wet marketThat s not a problem for the theory. SARS did not come directly from bats or pangolins . It went through civets first, which were sold at markets. That s why SARS first showed up in Foshan, 1000 km away from where the bats that harbor the ancestral virus to SARS live.The Nature paper you linked shows that live animals that are known to be susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 were sold at the Huanan Seafood market. Because of that, the paper has been generally received as strongly supporting the idea that the outbreak began at the Huanan market.
people exploited a vulnerability in TayWhich vulnerability are they talking about?
2 yr is junk, even CDs are better than that. The rest of your post is crypto naïveté. I ll believe the rest when I see it, because the current crypto landscape is essentially all scams and speculation, with again no utility whatsoever.
Just to steel man the Functions and Data side of the equation in a lot of FP languages that d be something like newData oldData f g h i j k
My household has been Mac-only for about 20 years, but I finally gave up waiting for a decent Mac Pro or a powerful Mac Mini. Last year I put together a PC for about 1500 1 which looks great and completely demolishes any Mac for GPU-heavy tasks, thanks to its Nvidia GTX 1070. The build was super-easy my 10 year-old daughter did half of it and the machine worked perfectly the first time I powered it on. And, much to my surprise, Windows 10 really isn t bad.I still use a MacBook Pro for most of my development work, but all gaming and video stuff is now PC, and I can t see myself going back. The ability to easily upgrade individual parts on an as-needed basis is just too appealing.I still prefer MacOS to Windows, but if MacOS is the only thing a 2500 Mac Pro brings to the table in 2017--compared to 2017 PC hardware--it really isn t enough anymore. 1
How is calling a 9mm bezel edge to edge not being deceptive? It s not even a small bezel by monitor standards much less mobile ones. This isn t at all about a mythical 0.00mm bezel which isn t actually mythical - those devices do exist , it s about not being in the same ballpark as what is commonly referred to as edge to edge or all screen , which is in the 4mm or less range range.How can you possibly look at what Apple is claiming and then look at the pictures and say the words aren t deceptive?
I don t get why this is hard to understand W communicate.Corporations have tens of billions to spend on marketing. To put things in perspective what do regular people have in terms of a propaganda budget in order to target corporations?The very fact that corporations have these kinds of budgets to just point at regular people and regular people have no recourse other than don t be stupid betrays the fact that ours are democracies in name only.If a nation had a population of millions and a handful of billionaires who just bought off the politicians then the real fundamental problem would be the massive wealth disparity, not the fact that the billionaires could de jure buy off politicians they could have done that de facto if there was no such explicit law .
Partoo Full-Stack Engineer Tech Lead Paris, France Full-time Onsite keep synchronized and up to date your business information on all major online platforms as Google Google Maps, Facebook, Apple Maps, Foursquare, etc.. For example, those past weeks we helped tens of thousands of business updating their opening times regarding coronavirus. Like this, we avoided people doing unnecessary trips to a closed business.We re looking for several Full-Stack Engineers, from junior to experienced level. We re also looking for a Tech Lead for a new team that ll be created.Being able to speak and understand french, even if not perfectly, is required. Sorry Our stack is mostly in Python React, and we re in AWS. We re growing rapidly while being profitable, and there are plenty of opportunities to leave a mark in the company.To know more about us in French If you re interested, send me an email at jonas partoo.fr
You can t clone a yubikey
An anecdote a service station near my home in north wales proudly announced that they had received a grant to put on a turf roof, solar and wind power. EU funding. Three years on, and they ve just announced that they ve received a grant to do exactly the same thing. Plumbing the Europa site shows that the previous grant was paid, and the project reported as completed - but they never did a thing. I ve seen the same cycle being pulled elsewhere.This should be reported to media, police or both - this is fraud.
I think that most of what he has said so far has been corroborated. He has done enough to raise awareness of the issues that we know to be true. He should do whatever he needs to remain safe.
The rest of the stack 8 months ago 2019
in fact I think that s one of their main only? selling pointsI have a 32 GB Surface RT. Here are some of its many selling points 1. Memory card slot to upgrade storage to 96 GB2. USB port that can be used to connect and charge devices3. 10.6 touch screen4. Cost only 1795. Runs full version of Microsoft Office 20136. Runs full version of OneNote which is a must-have app7. Unbelievably good Type keyboard with magnetic locks8. Built-in standard Windows utilities ex RDP client 9. Built-in kickstand10. Tons of apps games11. Multiple user profiles on one deviceI have a 64 GB iPad Retina as well. My three kids actually fight over the Surface and the loser is left with the iPad.
First of all, thank you for this release.It is fascinating to see the emphasis on working with a broad range of hardware and low level features like the file system. Contrast this with something like SerenityOS where they spend so much time on things like the web browser and where many contributors are working on things like fonts and dialog boxes.This leads me to ask, what are your goals and ambitions for Redox? . How should I be thinking about it? Who should be using it today and tomorrow?Some people have asked what is unique about Redox as if being an OS in Rust is not enough. That is not really what I am asking.If I am allowed to ask another question, what s next? .
A great point you brought up. I know someone whose mother, by all intents, was cleared to get accepted to a PhD program in the sciences...but unfortunately, they didn t allow women into the program at the time. It was simply not done. And this was a decade after the Civil Rights Movement!
what is your definition of a superstar salesperson for an early-stage post product market fit startup? what differentiates the top 10 of salespeople from the rest?what resources do you recommend to learn sales if you re young and inexperienced and want to begin your startup sales career?
FTX is just one input. Seeing that Crypto.com has 20 of their reserves stored in a pointless sh-tcoin SHIB is just further proof that people running cryptocurrency exchanges are idiots or greedy fools.One or another variation of this story has played out many times already. Then the whole sand castle crumbles, and a lot of fake money gets wiped away.The entire cryptocurrency space is just an unregulated gambling arena. There may be some solid, well-intentioned efforts within it, but they are completely overshadowed and overcapitalized by the purely insane gambling ones.
They offer best perks, rewards, and customer protection at the cost of the merchant who accepts them .
ooh interesting links -thanks!I ll read them later.Famous-ish We probably have similar views on brexit.
Is this another selective comparisons article?Autopilot is primarily a highway tool, but the vast vast majority of accidents happen on normal streets, and is generally unavailable in many of the cases where accidents are common.A comparison of crash rates is only relevant when comparing similarly situated crashes. So what is the average American crash rate on highways in clear weather, without construction, etc? I suspect that crash rate is far better than at night, during a blizzard, on an ordinary poorly lit suburban road. Yet AP wouldn t run then.
We call for Microsoft to implement end to end encryption intuitive client side encryption for their services if our privacy really is their priority - and maybe even turn Skype back to P2P. Otherwise this just seems like a Whoops, we got caught for allowing NSA to spy on our users since 2007 1 - now let s do something quick to improve our PR type of thing. 1 the calls for boycotting US companies over this seems to have worked pretty well so far 2 , just as I expected, and the companies are now starting to use their money and influence to fight against the spying, in our name - which as I ve said before it may just be the only thing to change the US government s mind over the mass spying apparatus, because I don t think having just us complaining about it will work - short of a million-man protest in front of the White House or a nation-wide revolution. 2 I think this is merely the beginning, and it s not nearly enough 2 to convince the US government that it needs to stop, so we need to push more with the boycotting. 3
There s a lot of privilege involved in being able to navigate these kinds of social overrides, so the idea that it s good that you can get around stupid rules like this by talking to a person is.. only really true for some people.What s wrong here isn t the idea that the rules could be applied evenly to everyone that s actually a good thing . It s this kind of incredibly narrow requirement on housing where landlords get to dig deep into your financials to the point of knowing when how you paid for things.That s gross, and should not be allowed. It s almost certainly a part of many people s vicious cycles into poverty. It s also, as far as I know, a really recent development and part of the general trend towards more and more invasive surveillance in daily life.
India is not a defense ally of the U.S.India is not a defense ally of any country. However, at this time, India is the only country that is in a state of active war with China.
To be fair, most Software Engineers are able to secure multiple offers and even more interviews. Or at least that s my impression which may be the result of survivorship bias.And it only gets easier after your first gig.In that instance, where an engineer can easily leave your company, it makes sense to want to ensure they really want the position since interviewing and onboarding are very expensive for a company as well as having someone leave with a bunch of institutional knowledge built up over the years.It s also probably the easiest question in the world to totally bullshit with just a vague grasp of what the company does. One of the things that really excited me about is the problems you must face dealing with etc etc. or I think it d be really neat to work at a company in the industry because I ve always wanted to And even if it s an easy enough thing to BS it should also be genuinely easy to find an exciting reason to want to work somewhere in our field.
Ark Invest has sold millions of dollars worth of shares in Coinbase, Nvidia, and Robinhood. This delisting is despite strong earnings from these companies. Cathie Wood s investment management business, Ark Invest, has sold shares of Coinbase COIN , Nvidia NVDA , and Robinhood HOOD . This selling pattern is happening in spite of these stocks soared to new highs after reporting better-than-expected earnings.The firm has sold over 12 million worth of Coinbase shares, 4 million worth of Nvidia shares, and 3 million worth of Robinhood shares in the past week. It sold a total of 72,242 Coinbase shares, 5,067 Nvidia shares, and 332,394 Robinhood. Although the prices of all these stocks have seen a 30 surge in one month.
Then render it as colors, or music etc. Since it was rendered as text, there is some expectation that somebody will try to read it. And its pretty unreadable.
So every twenty-two year old I ve ever met has told me how boring their entry-level corporate job was and how they just want to get out. Fine. But recognize that your job is boring because entry-level jobs are boring. They just exist to see if you re sane and you ll do work once you prove yourself you get more interesting jobs.But most twenty-two year olds check out long before that happens.
China and the US are different today.
Next time use a feature branch
Agree. To go further, I find these community-powered support forums infuriating to read, when they are run by a huge company that should be remunerating support staff.Why anyone would volunteer to answer queries for free in this context is beyond me. What do they get out of it? A flashy hat to wear and a few trivial perks?Respect to those trying to help out, but when a question like this is posed in the forum, I would only be interested in hearing the response of a salaried Google employee, not a volunteer.It s even worse when the response offers trite, generic information that doesn t relate to the problem, regrettably a common occurrence on this type of forum.Edit Note, these remarks are not applicable to the commendable people providing support in FOSS projects, and in other non-commercial contexts.
Is there some reason the installer doesn t install the dependencies?
by creating an expectation that every engineer ought to be trained as a full-stack engineer,This is false. Scrum requires the TEAM to be cross functional for the product it develops. It does not require each TEAM MEMBER to be cross-functional. Even full stack a concept not from Scrum does not mean expert on everything . Full stack means able to work with front- and backend frameworks for websites. A full stack developer for example will not be expected to be a NLP or a ML expert. The full-stack-developer might have no idea about automated performance tests and he she usually will not have deep UX skills.I usually use T-shaped or π-shaped as a requirement for team members. Horizontal skills enable the person to work in a Scrum team with all the added stuff like automated testing, software repositories, task system, continuous integration, ... . Vertical skills add depths in one or two fields backend development with Java, frontend development with JavaScript, agile testing, business analysis, database admin programming, cloud infrastructure, etc.Looks like you are setting up strawmans - another fallacy.
I ve seen you say this twice in this thread. Care to provide some evidence supporting this statement?
Downloading the videos is always an option, but I ve found it s too much of a hassle when browsing content. It works really well when you re planning on going offline, though!
MS wants so desperately to be recognized as having great software and great experience. First step - Stop allowing OEMs to bundle third-party crapware with Windows OS. This will go a long way to building a better view of Windows. Charge license fee from them to make up the difference. They can afford it. How much profit do you really need?- Don t change the name, make it better. You ll only confuse the people for whom the big, blue E is the Internet. Yes, I have people I know who think the E is the Internet. How do they dress themselves in the morning? - Incorporate a sandbox in IE to help protect the idiots who are too ignornat to not surf the Internet as administrator. Better yet, also suggest a non-admin account for daily use during first launch. - 90 of all malware getting on computers is a direct result of people surfing with admin rights. Once this is taken care of, the dropoff rate for infections is amazing.
As the EU is mostly only its parts and everyone now in alert, I highly doubt it. Everyone is keeping their medical items to themselves now, because there is not even sufficient for their own country. EU will mostly be talk.
Wage theft doesn t create the same kind of fear as someone shoving a gun in your face and taking your property.
They are excited to release the new version of our Made in India ChatGPT Android app! With this app, you can now easily chat with our large language model, ChatGPT, on-the-go from your mobile device.BharatGPT is a state-of-the-art language model trained by OpenAI that can engage in a variety of conversations, from fun and casual to informative and educational. Whether you re looking for a friendly chat, seeking advice on a topic, or just want to have some fun, ChatGPT is here to help.Their App is also available at Play Store
I recommend the 15 hour audio book for long travels
got mine in 1 year employment based. I am not from India though
exLlama supports batching, and I believe it claws back much the throughput loss from quantization depending on the exact settings you use to quantize .And as said below, whatever throughput you lose is going to be massively offset by the ability to use smaller single GPUs.
Ah I see what you re getting at now. Understandable.
Wow is that conspiracy theory talk, you have any facts to back that up?We have endless reports from international agencies. Cover-up? I doubt it. Ukraine and Belarus want aid and help, have no interest in covering up, and it s difficult to believe in an international nuclear industry driven cover-up taking in all those UN agencies.What did these agencies say? Read for yourself, so on, the list really is endless, you can click through for hours.What is this large body of evidence you speak of? It would be nice to have some reports by reputable scientists but all you ve done is spew conspiracy hystaria.
It seems to me that philosophy has made zero progress on the hard problem, other than naming it. Is there any concrete progress, any useful result you can point me at?Neuroscience and computer science obviously haven t solved it either, but they have at least made some progress in understanding parts of the brain s structure, and gradually reproducing what we thought were uniquely human abilities with mindless computer programs. This suggests that qualia may not really be needed to explain consciousness or at any rate thought just as Darwin s theories showed why god isn t strictly needed to explain the diversity of animal species.I agree there s still the niggling issue of but why do I seem to experience stuff? Surely I m not a mindless automaton! There s also the problem of but why does the universe exist in the first place? But I don t believe philosophers have any particular insight or knowledge to bring to the first problem, any more than theologians have any real inside knowledge of the latter.
dead
The hard part is finding the right balance between security and freedom, no?
Better driver support, a real keyboard, and a functioning ecosystem of Linux distros.God yes, get a Thinkpad instead. I m not making the mistake of trying to daily drive a Linux-powered Chromebook ever again.
Hmmm, you made a mistake in not having your agreement in writing when you two agreed to work together.Having said that you must now move on. You have the code, he doesn t have any rights for it. If you stay, this will backfire big time down the road.The partnership must rely on trust and respect, clearly not what s happening here.Move on.
We loved reading this at work yesterday. Other gems posted to HN in the last year Archaeologists uncover ancient street food shop in Pompeii reuters.com the Menu of a Pub in Ancient Pompeii atlasobscura.com latter includes some recipies too!
Population levels in the western US have exploded in the last twenty years and we ve developed almost no additional recreation opportunities.There are a lot of great places for hiking and camping. The problem is that everyone wants to go to the best places, so you end up with a lot of people competing for a permit for Mt. Whitney rather than go for a similar alternative like Mt. Langley.
Promoting Transparency and Open DiscourseFirst, the draft legislation has a series of reforms to promote transparency and open discourse and ensure that platforms are fairer to the public when removing lawful speech from their services.
English is likely not the first language of the volunteer who wrote these docs. If you want better documentation, I encourage you to write it yourself.The project needs all the help it can get.
How is this different from Webflow?
There is a lot going on each week in KDE trying to improve the situation. Nate Graham is making a summary of the parts, he monitors There is definitely still quite a bit to improve but compared to 3 years ago, Plasma and KDE software has improved by a lot.
That siacoin post is great! I definitely will hire an editor if I start blogging.
This feels like an odd angle to take in concern around the next decade of programming.It starts a level below what problems might be the next thing to tackle and focuses on what shiny objects have already got enough traction to be considered concern of the past 3-5 years.Short-sighted. Boring. Couldn t dance to it.1-3 years are feasibly predictable 3-7 are 50 50 hunches 20 CI 8-9 you might as well be talking jet packs 10 You aren t talking about saving or controlling the world? Refactor!10 years from now, we blow IP up. we napster algorithmic experiences because you can t patent wiping your ass 10 years from now, we make devices cheaper than water from scrap plastic 10 years from now, any human can talk to any other human anytime, anywhere 10 years from now, my meta-data is meaningless and we defund NSA because they are deaf dumb and useless 10 years from now, we eat the rich and feed the poorWhy bother looking 10 years ahead without setting some real goals or at least looking at things that might actually drive the innovation in the next 10 years vs what is already well-planned?We re all going to be 10 years closer to death and you are believing we ll have smart dust ? A Roomba in every house!Do you know how long it s been since I first heard that there would be fucking smart dust? You mean we need to lay a powder of infrastructure down to detect what distributed, distant sensors could tell you? Looks like a whale just barfed in the ocean and we got a ton of our dust back online... water s still wet AND salty there! Dial back the Antarctica dust belcher for a minute to balance out the South Pacific by next year... stupid whales, when will you learn?He should have stopped at sensors. We ll have 1984. Smart dust? We ll be crotch-deep in gray goo.Whales are like, IIIIIIII WIIIIIIILLLLLLL DEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSTRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!
Anyone can afford a dollar.I can t.Source broke and unemployed.
You have two sets, one of them is criminal, another is not.They are overlapping, but, sure, both criminal and civil wrongs exist. How do you establish whether they are criminal or not prior starting the formal process in the court?You don t. If you think you have suffered a civil wrong, you gather the evidence, and file a civil lawsuit.If you think you have been criminally wronged, you contact criminal law enforcement authorities, who decide how to follow up, and may eventually file a criminal case.You as someone not acting as a public prosecutor filing a court case has no bearing on the process for an criminal offense. That s not the job of the litigant prior submitting their case.To the extent its a criminal issue, its not the private litigants case at all.To the extent its a civil issue, investigating and having evidence of the actual wrong, not just evidence that someone else suspects that a wrong of some vague kind might have occurred is, absolutely their job prior to submitting their case, without which they don t have a case.
There is nothing wrong with that. But in this case there is, because it doesn t make her happy.
I mean that it s often difficult to take older projects like this and properly replicate the environment with all dependencies.The point about the C used in the kernel drifting could be relevant, but with this sort of project I m more concerned initially with reproducing results and then moving forward.
I agree. That particular slide really struck me as being attention grabbing in a way that had nothing to do with the actual point they were making on the slide.It s a cool photo and visually appealing but I cannot think of a single thing about the image that has anything to do with the idea that we are all living in a subscription economy. I can think of some slides that would evoke that. Like a slide with an animation of money flowing out of my pocket incessantly as calendar pages are torn off a calendar. I am feeling a bit biased against the subscription economy right now after only narrowly avoiding the router as a subscription that my internet provider wanted to saddle me with this weekend when I upgraded my plan.
It s Congress shall make no law , not Reddit shall make no rule .
Yeah in the last year a lot of them have come through, and I ve also noticed a large grave yard of apps starting to build up too, GroupMe, Fast Society, etcIt s only been on the market for a couple of months so we ll see how it goes
Homepage,
Thank you for your work. Best extension ever.
Does this have any thing to do with me being extremely awful slow at competitive programming? I tried a few online sites like codeforces, hackerrank, codechef and after a few easy problems, I ended up getting stuck for forever. I had to often look for the solution which was more than often a trick that I hadn t come across and my existing knowledge base failed to take me there.Is there any way to improve this? To be honest, I am asking this because I am failing every single interview screening which generally involves trick questions. I would love to know the relation between the two.
It s a really interesting product. Even those who make a living by image search in the past, Adobe Stock, Pinterest, Shutter Stock, GettyImage If they can find creative and good business models, it will probably be a great business Makes me think
So where you work, requirements are actual requirements?In software, it s often the opposite. You see a fuckton of requirements that aren t requirements at all or the company is looking for unicorns but inevitably end up having to hire a totally average human being , so people just apply whether they have the required skills or not.
That is kind of interesting actually. Thanks for sharing.
The competition for Dropbox will be fierce I expect. I love how easy it is to work with and that it works on Windows, OS X and Linux but it lacks proper in-document search on the web interface and no editing capabilities. Also, Google Docs has an excellent PDF viewer. Nonetheless, great app.
Though I don t like the extra step Nim takes of dropping parentheses for 0 argument functionsThat isn t true, you need parentheses for procs with no arguments, else it s interpreted as a proc pointer. Try echo vs echo . I can t think of any good reason why anyone would deliberately have two different functions with the same name in different cases anywayIt s used for declaring variables of an object. type Foo object and var foo Foo .I like Nim s rules for identifiers, it prevents you for mistakenly declaring two different variables procedures with similar names.Other examples where, how you would write something doesn t matter, is Windows filesystems and gmail, reserving every possible derivative with a dot like your.name gmail.com and y.ourname gmail.com.So it s not uncommon or weird. Just programming languages are overly restrictive.
Whoa, Zbrush-style sculpt? Nice.Does it have a non-linear animation editor similar to Maya? If so, bloody hell. I might be giving this another go...
My impression is that PG et al. require an idea as a way of figuring out who can think of reasonable ideas. They don t require you to stick with it, so primarily they re looking for good people. Requiring an idea is just another way to try and sort out the wheat from the chaff, even if the idea in question isn t the final one used for the startup.
IANAL, but I question whether the wire fraud charge would hold up. The layman s definition doesn t seem to apply.Of course, my memory my be failing me as to details that would make it relevant in his case.
A lot of the people you re referring to don t think it s as simple as just plain hating for no reason . Reality is more complex, but it s a pretty reasonable opinion, based on observation and direct experience, that a lot of Gamergate revolved around calling any women involved whores, calling any men involved cucks, and calling any Jews involved kikes. I m not sure how it s possible to expect people to not get from there to the feeling that one of the primary front-facing attributes of Gamergate was hatred.
Honestly, do you really think that was our whole problem?
It s now open to everyone with an email account, PhD highlight is optional. Thanks
Works just fine on my iPhone 4 Chrome
This is happening to some degree in audiobook form with Podiobooks.com - many authors release episodes weekly, as they write and record them. This is likely happening in text form too, but I find that I listen to rather than read books these days. Also, Amazon bought the dominant digital audiobook distribution platform in Audible.com for what that s worth.
Does anyone else see as problem that web browsers are getting so feature-rich? That means that if anyone wants to write a new web browser he won t be able to.Those who control the web browsers control the Internet. And web browsers have gotten so huge and hyper-complex that only wealthy corporations can afford to enter the market as new players.
Plus at the macro level, most economies are consumption driven and rely on population as a major driver of growth.I disagree with subsidizing college more that it is already. There are numerous scholarships available to promising students. Also, the government has been directly and indirectly funding colleges through grants and easy to get student loans. The problem with this is people going to college who might not be able to perform at that level, or who are unable to find a job that pays high enough after graduation. There is research that shows that some minority groups tend to pick careers in lower paying fields because they want to make a social impact think teaching, social work, etc , so not everyone s goal is to maximize profit. There are plenty of trades that one can make more money working in, such as diesel-electric mechanic, welder, auto mechanic, aviation mechanic, etc.
Here in Vienna, the local Comcast started deploying IPv6. However, they stopped providing real IPv4 for IPv6 customers, and instead do CGN. Well thanks, but no thanks.
Can you get your app to detect if your user s weight suddenly doubles while they re lying down?
Worrying about scalability before you need it is a good way to ensure that you won t.
The point is that those companies give millions of dollars to politicians per year, so they re seen as somewhat untouchable
I once took an led string with naked leads, cut off the leds, and soldered on red laser diodes in their place. Then I could control it with an Arduino. I used it to make a laser harp!You can use laser diodes just like you would a regular LED in an Arduino rPi setup. They re basically the same thing electrically. Be aware, using those standard laser diodes in public, especially for an event or show, is against the law because of the risk of blinding someone. If you want to do a laser light show or something, you need to use the sub 5 milliwatt kind they have at concerts and such, and you need a permit.
I ve just signed up and received my confirmation email along with my email and the PASSWORD that I defined. WARNING These guys use plaintext passwords!!It s not difficult to send a confirmation email that contains your password without having to store your password in plaintext anywhere.Now, I don t know whether they store passwords in plaintext, but it s unfair to make such accusations based on the content of a registration confirmation email.Edit I received the login info email after I clicked the activation link in a previous email, this means the password must have been stored in a database until I clicked the activation link.Again, there could be a less-than-ideal explanation for this, so we don t know 100 I was hoping to see a forgot password link somewhere to test this with , but this does raise suspicions.
Does a Tesla have a rear parking camera ???.
I shit on a shingle in San Francisco
I don t get how the cubesat drive is supposed to work.You can trigger fusion with antiprotons because the antiproton is negatively charged and more massive than an electron. The antiproton takes the place of an electron but has a smaller orbit so the hydrogen nuclei get closer together and are more likely to fuse. It is just like muon catalyzed fusion.Positrons however are positively charged and can t take the place of electron also they are the same mass as an electron so they aren t going to get any closer.
Huh, that s interesting. So when it says USD Volume 700mm does that mean 700MM was actually exchanged from BTC to USD or vice versa? Does a pair of trades USD-BTC-USD count double?
Almost certainly overtaken by both disk controller logic, file systems cache, striping and RAID and increasing memory sizes.In practice this might be true if the defaults settings of each layer happen to align sympathetically and or you know what you re doing and how to tune them all, but from first principles it stands to reason that the extra abstraction layer of a file system isn t providing the database storage engine with anything useful?Same argument for unikernels, distroless containers, LiquidVM etc
I think repl.it is great for prototyping... aka hacking on an app, like people who read Hacker News might do.
Before cryptocurrencies, we believed we needed a central authority to create money, too.We currently have to trust arbiters of fact because we have no systematic way of evaluating the work of journalists, nor of aggregating the distibuted verification efforts that millions of people perform daily. If that work were easily navigable, our collective intelligence might improve.In a previous comment 1 I suggest a software solution. I ve already written part of it. 1
HackTheBox hackthebox.eu has some great reverse engineering challenges that you can learn a lot from, and have a clear difficulty progression. The non-retired challenges are all free with a basic account, but if you re starting from scratch, it might be beneficial to try out a premium account to access retired challenges and their associated write-ups .
Market forces tend to reward efficiency rather than resilience through redundancy. But super-efficient systems can be fragile ones too. So dude has a point. But seems like a mistake to say that its the only relevant factor.
The legislation itself explicitly prohibits annoying misleading consent prompts.What does a non-annoying prompt look like?
Actually... without any proofs whatsover, who knows who is really glancing over private repos parked at GitHub. I bet there are many projects with multi-million dollar source code aka secret sauce that many would love to look into.
Interesting. I always wondered why Senior level engineers at banks got the VP title. It seemed odd for someone formerly an IC to suddenly step into a VP level role, but this makes sense now.
dupe Some more discussion
My thoughts on this - The energy used in sending a craft up is already lost when the craft leaves the planet. And potential energy can only be induced into the object from a larger mass. That is based on the object s mass and the large mass like a planet pulling the object. And the value read usefulness utility of that potential energy is based on where it existsP.S. I am not a physics guy and could be completely wrong here.
During high school, I worked with a guy who loved weed. Today, he has a type of skin cancer that has been traced to pot use. He is currently losing his fight with cancer.
My university had a building for the architecture department that was originally designed to be completely covered in vines so as to hide the actual architecture of it, to clear the students minds of preconceived notations, etc, etc.Unfortunately, this was in the late 60s, so the concrete they used turned out to be poisonous to plant life, so no vines ever covered the building, there were some sad scrawny things in a corner, but that s it. And the underlying building was of course really ugly, so, yeah, that was a pretty big fail
Very well done video, however they avoided the controversial issues of the explosion.Everywhere in Lebanon, people reported seeing and hearing jets flying and even some videos show flying objects. They also never touched on what might have triggered the fire to begin with or whether there was a possibility of a weapons cache being hidden there.
I still have FB and IG accounts, but I don t use them much anymore. The non-chronological feed on both sites eventually required either lots of effort do all of posts, videos, stories, replies, likes, etc. all the time for organic visibility or pay for visibility. I get why that increased revenue spend money or spend time , but as a casual user I don t care enough to do either at the scale required, so eventually I got disinterested.
I think you re describing introduction of noise to training sets, which is a staple of training.Your definitions of fake and legitimate are circular, and miss the central point of large ML models they can extrapolate from imperfect data because of the massive scale.Yes, the predictions will be imperfect. That s true today, of both ML models and human radiologists. It s about reducing the error rate, not designing a perfect algorithm that is never wrong. I m pretty sure Gödel or someone can explain why the later isn t even possible, for machine or human.
Yeah, but at what point does the bar for control become meaningless? It s not really productive to raise it to the point that every company ostensibly has no one in control because they have obligations to other parties.It is productive to discuss how founders like Zuckerberg and Kalanick retained majority voting rights, because that s meaningful even if you use a pithy definition of control that makes it virtually impossible to achieve. Similarly we can talk about the class of shares Snap issued which do not allow shareholders to control the company.When you abstract legitimate insights like executives at pre-profitable public companies can t rely on voting rights for security to no one has control as long as customers are a thing , you preempt a lot of very useful discussion. You ve defined away the controversy.
One of Obamas many weaknesses as president was that he was incredibly way too open to letting republicans gut the democrat agenda just to appear bipartisan.Keep in mind that somehow, it s fascism for democrats to ignore republican input, but when republicans steal Supreme Court appointments, it s just how the government works .At that point, democrats were still very much playing if we take the high road, people will see republicans for what they are , but the problem is that this didn t happen at all, and it fact, all it took was reinvigorating public displays of racism to fire up their base.
That is true. I went travelling recently and found that I get much better and concise information from a guidebook than spending hours reading travel sites tourism agency site blogs that want me to book a tour with them. Centralization and curation are becoming very important.
He s now added a 15 license option, so I changed my pledge. He hasn t responded about the longevity of the license.
This was already on HN a while ago
As a frontend developer I often have to implement visual designs handed down to me from my company s web design team. While I always do my best to implement what I ve been given, sometimes there are limitations. For example, we may not be able to style a third-party widget rendered by Facebook or Twitter. Other times, the design is technically feasible but it may be something that confuses the end user even though the designer thinks it looks cool.I think designers sometimes have a hard time dealing with these situations. While I can imagine how frustrating it must feel, I think the main takeaway is that ultimately it s about making the best product, not making the best comp.
The polite thing to do, I think, is to ask how to pronounce their name at the start of the conversation.Or ask how they would prefer to be referred to. Many of my asian relatives have an anglo pronounciation they d be willing to offer .
Can you walk during calls, e.g. remote pair programming? Heavy breathing, noise from the treadmill and footsteps etc. affect you?If not, what kind of mic are you using? I think a headset will suffer from the heavy breathingAlso - post your standing desk or its dimensions please
Who gives a shit? Fuck this nuanced bullshit. Target them.
I use Sidebery, which is similar, but adds features like panels essentially switch between sets of tree-style tabs in the sidebar that integrates with Firefox containers , so you can have a work vs. personal panel container for example.The tabs being listed vertically is by far the most important aspect to me though, I previously used something that stopped being maintained that did that without being tree-style . Nesting is probably not what I wanted as often as it is.
I get some weird ads of some Doomsday-esque vegan cult sometimes. It s super weird.
On cheaper tubular locks, that specialized tool is a pen cap.
They ll just mumble interstate commerce and presto changeo, it s off to Club Fed.
There s even a version of awk specifically designed for bioinformatics that natively knows how to handle fasta, fastq, and sam files, among other formats.
You forgot I checked my symptoms, it must be super-cancer Of course on HN we re all smart enough to be immune to it sI could have been more precise that I deem this a mere possibility for myself, not a factum. I responded to the parent for the other reasons, but wanted to add some weight to my opinion because I can definitely relate to the symptoms, independent of the actual cause.
I ve personally found running 3-4 micro instances behind a load balancer offers more RAM, more CPU power in short bursts , and fail over than 1 Small instance at the same price or cheaper. However, it doesn t always make sense for every application.
So wait, this doesn t actually send anything through the NSA does it?
Integrated sensors really. Things like AF would work on different sensors in DSLR. Sony removed the mirror and put everything on the sensor. Fast AF tracking, shorter distance between sensor and lens so better low light capability.
The situation you describe would require building and maintaining what s basically an etsy competitor. That s a hugely more complex undertaking compared to here s a buy button that links to a URL .As much as I d love IG s UX to become the baseline level of ecommerce quality, I can see why they went the route they did.
Can you say more on that error?
I wonder if there is a common mindset that the majority of web developers have which causes them to love overcomplexity so much We don t love complexity, we love ease. The complexity is a side affect of us trying to make our job easy by npm install ing various tools libraries frameworks Another problem is the web is inherently complicated, and people expect more and more from the web. We re still working out how to best manage the complexity and increased demands.
Generally, Mother Earth News is decent.
What does this do? I bet you that like me, most users won t sign up for something that accesses their Facebook without a good idea of what this does. Bonus points for screenshots.
My post won t add much to the discussion, but QBasic was also my very first language. I was a little older than Noah when I first used it I think I was 12 13 and I still remember having so much fun with it
I had that problem. Then I realized that it is just a generic pcl printer and any driver will work. I do have to manually change the queue from binary_p1 to pcl_p1, but other than that it just works. there are other queues in the printer for postscript and the like, the printer info page lists them all.
Anyone using this?It s not spelled out, but it s apparent you just run the python file containing the app definition and leave it running in the background?Looks very clean and pythonic.
that place was 38 C in my living room with all windows and doors open in the summer.If your window is open you will have the same air temperature as outside, potentially higher. I saw a lot of that in my apartment block this summer. People don t have experience dealing with high temperatures, and intuitions they have are wrong.What you want to do is1. Open windows at night to create draft and cool down your dwelling.2. During the day close windows and block sunlight as much as possible. Blocking sunlight on the outside of window is better than blocking it inside. If blocking inside with something like thermal curtains you may need to leave window a crack open. Sunhouse-like conditions may cause temperature next to window increse by a lot 60 which is not good for glass.3. 1 and 2 can be supplemented with AirCon, but it s not that popular in UK.
I think the article has good sentiments about it. Actually using your application a lot helps polish it down a ton.However, wouldn t putting the input inside of the label before the label text be a better solution than fiddling too much with CSS and flexbox? It s more foolproof to ensure clicks within the label activate the input, and eliminates the need for the for reference.
Is one way of taking responsibility not voting for people who will resolve a problem in exchange for taxes?
The glass is half-empty, or half-full is not a joke, but a an ambiguity of language. Sentence space could refer to both the sentence itself, numerically quantified, and the context which makes a sentence grammatically correct, composed of senseable words which go together. Colors don t walk. Right?My response is just a comment, but even if you disagree with my example, the question remains what constitutes the space the alternatives are drawn from?
It goes like this I was having 7.10.8773.x, from zune I started updates and got me through these updates 7.10.8779.8 7.10.8783.12 and finally 7.10.8858.136 this is 7.8 reference -
A kid just told me I know Python, I did the games. Facepalm.
Risk reward? What if TSMC invests billions into the next process and never gets good yields? It s happened to other fab owners. Remember when Intel had competitive products? Then Apple is out billions of dollars for nothing. But if they are just TSMC s customer, then they don t take on that risk. Their risk is that TSMC raises prices, or other people can make CPUs as good as theirs. But that is not a huge risk for Apple if they can t buy capacity, neither can their competitors.I also have to imagine that if people are making a big antitrust stink to the government about how Apple takes 30 of Fortnite loot boxes, there will be an equally big problem when AMD, Nvidia, Broadcom, Qualcomm, Marvell, etc. can t have chips produced anymore.On the other hand, Samsung owns a fab and makes phones, so it s not unheard of. Samsung has other big semiconductor businesses, though, and it s not clear that Apple really wants to enter into those. You don t need to manufacture your own flash memory to make good laptops Samsung s SSD business does well on its own.I really like vertical integration in general, but sometimes things work great even when they re completely decoupled. Two small projects is a lot easier to run than one big project, so you have to show some benefit for integrating things. In Apple s case, it was clear that Intel s CPUs weren t getting them where they wanted to go with thin laptops, so they made their own. They had to in order to sell competitive laptops. This whole thing is in its early days, though, and we don t even know if they re going to beat Intel or AMD. So the summary is, being TSMC s customer is working out great for Apple they specify a CPU and they get a good one at a cost that the market seems OK with. They want to make a big bet and dramatically change the computing landscape, but that might not work out. What if Intel totally leapfrogs Apple Silicon? It is so uncertain that it is hard to say they should just buy TSMC . Rather, they should sit and wait and see how they do, and then decide if more integration will let them make better phones, tablets, and laptops.
They are reportedly preparing for an IPO so presumably it will be in their S-1
I kind of disagree, it s quite possible to use gnu make on Windows with msys though requires some scripting discipline and probably not for everyone .I m currently doing this for a cross platform c project. Same makefile used for Linux, Mac, and windows msys cl.exe. yes, fair amount of extra variables and ifdefs to support the last one...
I enjoy Sqlectron. Good cross-platform support, and a terminal option if you d prefer.
Could you please not post flamewar comments to HN? Several I m not saying all of them of your comments in this thread have been doing that. This is not what this site is for.
Why not a single banker was jailed over HSBC s billion-dollar money laundering scandal -
Expressing an opinion is considered aggressive behavior now? Ahahaha, oh feminists, you re so crazy. Anyway, you re saying that being female per se makes someone s opinion more valuable, which is a blatantly sexist opinion itself. Congratulations for shooting yourself in the foot and saying goodbye to what little credibility you had.Next!
Ok we ve squeezed that in above. Thanks!
I think the overall difference in our thinking is based on a few base principles - You believe that rights exist outside the state i.e. there are property rights without a state , and I think they only meaningfully exist within a state, however primitive tribal chief social norms, etc. .- You believe that natural law however divined is a fully correct basis for statutory law, whereas I see statutory as something that should reference a natural human tendency, but not be beholden to it.Am I understanding your view correctly? If so, we can go point by point, but until then we re arguing over the falling action and not the premise.
None of this points to trying to do away with URLs Except for that trying to identify an alternative part. But let s ignore that, because doing so makes you comfortable.
That s a feature, not a bug. Promoting gambling for a good cause is abhorrent.
Including the needs for backing up confidential data? Hm.
Says the non-democratic European muppet government? Hahaha. This cable goes directly into obamas laptop.
Well it funded the North Korean nuclear program. They got smart and put in miners that only use like 5 of CPU to avoid alerting consumers spread far and wide paired with exploiting blackmail material against folks who thought they could treat life like it was the hit 1992 film sneakers. Did anyone else have to threaten to put an agent of a foreign power through a Starbucks window, or is that a very this city has no embassies and COVID has made people particularly antisocial in October 2020 situation? Can t wait to talk about that one on a stage not dedicated purely to comedy someday soon!! Edit grammar stuff.
If you visit the issue I linked you ll see they crossed out SAML support with the note won t be implemented, since repository authentication mechanisms doesn t support these providers
I m wrong, I seemed to remember many platforms not supporting them but a quick Google search reveals its just a foggy memory. I was probably thinking about ucontext actually.
We looked into Reddit a while back for advertising. The two main problems we encountered were that much of reddit is the wrong sort of traffic - people that don t convert, people that expect something for nothing and get upset and vocal when it doesn t happen and so on.In order to run a successful campaign on reddit it seems you need to engage with the community in the subreddits you re targeting, but engaging with that community can be done without advertising, so the benefit of advertising is somewhat diminished.
Oh God, I m having more ASP.Net WebForms flashbacks. Databinding is one of those things MS never really got right despite having something like a thousand kicks at that can.
You can pay them some sort of living wage, if the alternative is uproar over innocent drivers being suspended by fake allegations. That s all I m saying.
I subscribed this year for the first time and it really is wonderful. If they offer the Black Friday price annually, I think I ll keep it going.
Who is Joseph ?
I entered II and , got an error. Then I realized it was for fruit.
Totally. Thanks for your comment.
Don t forget the anthrax used here either a month after 911.
I haven t had the internet in my home for a couple years. Just really bad cell service. Occasionally maybe a couple times a week get on a high speed connection with a laptop to check email and messages. Sometimes may take a few hours if need to. It took some getting used to but it not being there to waste time on constantly allows me to do other things, mostly writing music.
Yeah, because toxins do not exist, right ? And you can t ingest them or be exposed to them chronically. It only makes sense that we all live in perfectly clean environment and eat perfectly nutritious food 24x7 ...
This sounds like a maintenance programmers worst nightmare. Although I m coming from a Java background so naturally I have accrued an unhealthy amount of bias.Anybody from the more dynamic languages have any war stories about debugging maintaining this sort of thing?
It s great to see more historic hardware schematics, as well as runnable FPGA implementations of historic processors and systems.
The other upside to this at least here in UK is that it s easy to find a restaurant that serves local meat and produce, but it s extremely hard to find local meat in stores - even butchers I put that in quotes, since I firmly believe that 90 of British butchers are basically cosplaying as such and are nothing more than stores that sell factory-prepared meat in a store meant to look like a traditional butcher store are not that keen to tell you where the meat is actually from - when pushed you might find out that your local butcher is actually selling meat raised and slaughtered in Denmark or Poland.
Might be cerebral hemispheres taking turns. naarf.
I agree. For years the effort was destined to only ever achieve 10 max of its potential performance. Also, there were architectural changes which probably rendered previous optimizations ineffectual.
Their club, their rules.
It doesn t matter at all whether you have realized a loss by selling the asset. If they sold the Bitcoin, they could easily buy it back with hardly any transaction costs.I did not actually make a very large statement . It is trivial to substantiate as seen above .
I am aware and love it.Works great, until you need to chat or to manage your own channel.
It s not a conspiracy theory that he wanted to create a gold backed Pan-African currency. He openly promoted it. It s not a conspiracy theory that this would have very possibly undermined the petrodollar and all Western currencies. It s not a conspiracy theory that the United States and its allies have supported coups, rebellions, and the like to maintain their power in the past.
but by lack of solidarity, raw greedTheir salary is because they are exceptional, other people are not as exceptional and are unworthy of such things.It isn t a lack of solidarity or greed, its a lack of humility.
If trees needed to photosynthesise faster they would already be doing it.I find this theoretical comment so strange because it completely contradicts our experimental knowledge of plants.Humans been selectively breeding plants for food for thousands of years. Corn that was selectively bred in the Americas looks and functions almost nothing like its wild ancestors. But - by this theoretical argument - this selective breeding shouldn t have worked! If making the plant more food-efficient was possible the corn would already be doing it .
you mean IRC right?
It s pretty straightforward, assuming that you have the standard charge amount correct. I don t know Between the two approaches, the costs break even when 30c .27 cost.Apple s 27 exceeds the 30c whenver the purchase costs less than 1.11. 27 of .99 is 26.73c.So, this is a strong case Apple has calculated the other processor s charges for all app sales of .99 or less. It seems they are trying to charge more than normal processors for all micro-transactions.
Nobody has any problem with Irish heritage groups, or Polish, or ItalianWhat about German or Austrian heritage groups? White isn t a coherent thingBut black, Asian or Latino are? They span whole continents, dozens of countries with radically different cultures. White is synonym with European heritage . It is just as simple and as complex as any of the other broad categories mentioned earlier. But while it is socially acceptable to create associations for the former, the latter are looked at with such suspicion that only the most radicalized are even willing to join. Similar story with heterosexuals and men.
How much is the author s time worth? How many hours would it take to get the application down to 1MB?For an application that relies on many simultaneous users, it s better to be a large cheap app then an expensive optimized app.
Again I see no evidence this is the case. Why would they self destruct like that? Their recent woes don t have anything to do with offending people though some would like to believe that to push a narrative.
I ll omit my own views on this and maybe write about them later onwhy not put your own opinion, Dr. Associate Professor of Computer Science ?
SketchUp had free and paid versions
Oh, this thought has definitely crossed my mind quite a bit. Just not much I can do about it!
And right-wing media had nothing to do with that, of course.In this case, they really don t have anything to do with that. The average person has a much better BS detector than economists give them credit for.Most people are quick to see inflation for what what it is Theft from the average person for the benefit of government and banks.Money printing is great when you re the money printer or close to the money printer. It s crap when you re money doesn t go as far.
Well perhaps W3C s official site would rank higher if it actually offered any tutorials, i.e. the thing people are searching for, as opposed to a list of specifications and draft specifications that won t be finalized for 10 years.In any case, W3 is just another representation of www , which the W3C doesn t have any kind of claim over.OpenAI isn t open. W3Schools is unaffiliated with the W3C. The world keeps spinning.
Thank you all for the excellent advice. I understand that we need to improve our business and deliver more value to our ICPs before scale.
The benefit is that it makes teachers jobs easier. If kids actively want to win points they ll conform to any behaviours defined to get them more points. There is no benefit to the kids or the parents.
For the best performance you d probably want to use something other than CLIP s text encoder, but yeah you already have the text and could index it.If enough people asked for it, I would consider adding a different embeddings models.
And by some claims a standard of deferred payment.
Unfortunately, this falls short of respecting bodily autonomy. Gov. Janet Mills, a Democrat, signed a bill into law this week that will eliminate penalties for those who sell sex while leaving in place laws against the purchase of it.
Apple is shit too, that s just a separate conversation.
You mean like... Writeboard? An application so simple that even 37 We ll Charge You 100 For A Calendar Plugged Into An Address Book Signals gives away for free? I wonder why Google doesn t have something just like this already... oh, wait, they do.
Personal attacks are not allowed on HN. MaxScheiber posted a fine comment, which implied that he had worked there or had inside knowledge somehow , so your comment doesn t explain anything, it merely poisons the discussion.The last thing we want at HN is to discourage people who know things from sharing what they know. We don t need you to like Palantir, but we do need you to refrain from commenting disrespectfully here.
I think that you are referring to a known bug that was introduced in iOS 9. They have a blog entry describing this.
Hogwash. This wasn t some rapid emergency where they lost control of the plant, the reactors shut down properly during the earth quake and most systems were fine. The problem was the tsunami took out several of the backup generators which needed to power the cooling pumps when the reactors weren t producing power and there was no connection to the grid actually several generators had been moved in 1990 to higher ground and survived the tsunami, but their switching station was kept in the old, unprotected building so they still couldn t provide power . It took days for the reactors to overheat. Radiation levels were being monitored both on the ground and by aircraft, the problem was this data was ignored - in many cases people were evacuated into areas with more intense radiation. Of course when dealing with unknowns your predictions have error bars, but you can most certainly still make valid estimates, and there is no excuse for not doing so.
I suspect it s not quite right either, but two of those appliances dryer, heating are often powered by natural gas in the US and on the East Coast, heating is done with heating oil .
Yes I had a neighbor who died from Bextra
You can export from Chrome to a CSV, and you can import that CSV into 1Password, It would be nice if there was a way to do this without touching the file system, although I suppose a ram backed filesystem would be a bit better, provided it didn t get swapped. But letting my passwords get stored in plain text on my spinning rust, even for just a minute or two, seems less than ideal.
You can set the age to arbitrary points in the past, if storage isn t a concern. I ve actually found miniflux s search feature fairly solid for dredging up old stuff I ve read!
That s part of the benefit of zstd, as I understand it near-xz compression ratios but much faster.
Courtesy of Blackrock, Vanguard, and State Street.
The new MacBook Pro screen work in full sunlight - it s just about being bright enough.Another option is to place the back of a plastic screen towards the sun, using it as a backlight.
Open source the software if it s really going to just die perhaps?
I don t believe it s an issue, as node modules tend to be far smaller in scope and have far fewer side-effects than Drupal modules. I personally find projects mostly via github. I try to avoid any project that tries to do too much. The moment it registers a route or renders a page, I m gone.There is no node.js way to do things, so you gain the freedom to find tools that work more closely to how you would like them to, instead of just being forced to integrate with the existing stuff because it s there .There are no holy cows, or core that shall not be modified , because everything is small enough that they are easily forkable hackable and you can easily maintain your own forks if you really had to. Npm can even use packages directly from github.NPM is a dream compared to drupal.org infra and the albeit useful hack that is drush-make.
Microsoft is a hardware manufacturer.They also produce custom drives for that hardware e.g. webcams . If they follow your plan then both the OS driver and the custom driver have the same priority and newer versions of the OS may disable Microsoft s bespoke hardware drivers.
The earliest AVRs the family of MCUs used in Arduino had no RAM either, only 32 8 bit regs. One of these was AT90S1200. AFAIK it had higher max clock frequency then AT90S2313, the one with SRAM.
I m a fan of Saarinen s work on the Arch, and I know that great things were accomplished in this building, but it seems to me to indulge in the worst excesses of the International Style. Awe is a nice emotion to experience occasionally, but it eventually becomes oppressive. The stacks motif here evokes nothing so much as an early 20th-century prison. We don t see any of the actual office space here, but I expect it s entirely the same cramped warrens I ve suffered in other buildings of this style. It s not surprising that the merged company decided to sell this building.
For me the most astonishing thing about this is that Rs1,000 is only 14 USD o_O
This was interesting, thank you. Given that we re literally talking about a piece of aluminum foil, I m surprised this isn t more common.
If there is some library that can help create machine code from assembly instructions on a line by line basisThat s what JIT libraries do, for example asmjit
As late as, what, 2013, we were still half-way convinced they were blowing up boxes of high-explosives to fool usI think that s an exaggeration. I d note this 2013 NYTimes article 1 , which notes that all US intelligence agencies agreed that North Korea tested a bomb in 2006, but were unable to come to a consensus view as to if they were capable of miniaturizing it enough to put on a missile an assessment by the Defense Intelligence Agency that it has moderate confidence that North Korea has the ability to shrink a nuclear weapon and fit it into a missile warhead surfaced at a Congressional hearing. That conclusion was disputed by James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence, who issued a statement later in the day saying that it did not reflect the consensus of the nation s intelligence community. 1
That s how I build the base part for most of my little robots. Be aware that fiberglass can cause allergic reactions in your skin. Wear long sleeved shirts and gloves. You may also prototype with cardboard, wooden sticks like those used in popsicles , duct tape, and a hot glue gun. If you want to mess with plastics, you can go to the junkyard and buy some inner fender covers from wrecked cars. Then just use a heat gun to mold or melt the plastic to whatever shape you need. If you make a mold with fiberglass, you can easily fill it with this plastic. It is quite durable and can be drilled tapped. Bondo is another great thing to use, but be aware that it is very dusty and messy.
I m probably old by HN standards, and I ve been fortunate enough to have and use a personal computer since the mid late-80s. Throughout that entire time frame I have consistently seen the market be a race to the bottom. While that has been detrimental to my engineer s mind and my artist s soul, I also understand it completely. Without that race to the bottom, computers would never have seen as widespread of adoption as they have. There s a democratization to moving downmarket.The unfortunate effect, though, is that even many brands that were upmarket at one point have moved downmarket to build their business model around volume as economies of scale and commoditization have taken over the industry. I remember in the mid-90s when IBM stopped supplying mechanical keyboards with PC desktops, where other manufacturers had stopped long ago, thus removing another reason to pay the premium for an IBM. I can tell you as well that the current generation of Thinkpads are a far cry from the T60 and X30 of yesteryear.As it happens, I too have come to the same conclusion. I ve been using Macbooks and old refurbished Thinkpads for personal computing devices for several years now. Luckily if you build your own desktop, you still have many high quality options to choose from in assembling it, but for laptops Macbooks are the name of the game, everything else is just grossly inferior from a craftsmanship, aesthetic, and build quality perspective. Frankly, I think companies stopped moving downmarket and started staying in place while cutting costs as much as possible, and somewhere along they way they just stopped caring. Apple is the only laptop-producing company left that seems to care about it s products, and I hope they stick to it.
When you pay for an apartment, you re also paying for the landlord to fix plumbing electrical whatever issues.Not always, in some EU countries, some rental agreements have the tenant pay for certain maintenance, plus insurance.
Both are problems, really.
From the title I somehow expected Planck taper window which comes up in partition of unity.The property of this is that you won t find any discontinuity in any degree of derivatives. Ie it is smooth in the mathematical sense. If you want to make changes from a constant function such as not moving at all to something else start moving , then this smoothness is a nice property.
I m not sure how that addresses the comment you replied to.
Windows Live Mail the desktop client formerly known as Outlook Express also offers resizing options when sending.
The Chinese situation is more complicated than that, and partly because the term typically translated as dialect is more aptly translated as topolect the language of an area . While the Chinese government s language policies are shitty, fāngyán topolect is, if anything a much more neutral term than dialect , which as a whole lot of extra baggage.
I agree with some of the points the author makes. Libraries Frameworks. Don t create silos, etc.The problem with this article is that most of the innovations that browsers are now bundling came from the community, in the form of libraries or frameworks. document.querySelector, js templating, promises, observables, server push, etc Libraries frameworks are the way new paradigms are explored and improved. They are not the future, but they contain the future.
Orwell seems more prescient every day. Blackwhite seems especially relevant here
I seem to recall Phoenix closing Sky Harbor when the temperature went above IIRC 117 F. Fixed-wing planes generate less lift, too. Or was that because the asphalt runways were softening? I think it was lift, but I m not 100 sure.
I have always wondered who buys new cars anyway.I am fortunate to be a high earner in the UK relatively speaking top 2 or 3 yet the idea of spending 15-20k on what is essentially a starter car e.g. Toyota Yaris let alone 30-35k on a normal petrol family car e.g. ford focus is just crazy to me. What a waste of cash. EVs start at more like 40-50k for bottom-of-thr-barrel brands like Kia or Hyundai, let alone a premium marque. Prices seem very high.Who are buying these new?!Someone must be as they end up on the used market. I presume they are leased as company cars or something first.
I think this is glorious. Thanks for this gem.
One of the reasons Bezos picked Seattle was due to Microsoft having a lot of software engineers he could get. So MSFT is a big reason that Bezos is in Seattle. Also it was close to one of the biggest book distributors. Amazon was originally a book store.
As someone suggested in comments, save at least 1 year worth in a safe haven preferably gold No need to freak out Relax!Do NOT donate - That is being irresponsibleDo NOT hire someone - It s not their money you were at the right place at the right time - not them - you have the responsibility to invest right.Please do NOT retire - you are at your prime age of contributing back to the society - surely, take more vacations, and spend time with family - may be work only 3 days a week.Do NOT spend on a fancy house or a car - Not worth it.If it s of your interest, become a venture capital - You should be looking at 10 1 success ratio - so be ready to lose money on most of the investments - but eventually, you ll create so much value, that it ll be worth it.Take at least a quarter or two of time to decide the budget - you ll learn a lot. And I believe you have the liberty to do it. Set aside 10 or whatever you are comfortable to lose for risky investments bitcoin and sorts and returns from that for squandering - Don t go over budget there.Park money in an insured, interest-bearing spot 1 yearly is going to give you 80k just for parking - consider money market accounts - Caveat FDIC Insurance covers only till 250k per account per person - figure out the details Most importantly, what you are essentially getting is time - Try to find a cause worth spending your time.One last piece of advice - Don t get attached - Know that money is the means, not the ends.
There s a better article in the guardian . They have an interesting intuitive description He used one set of lenses to prise open a gap in a beam of light, by slowing down long wavelengths, such as red, and speeding up short wavelengths, such as blue. With a second set of lenses, he then closed the gap, so at the end of the experiment, the light beam looked exactly as it did at the start.I m not sure that i understand it correctly, the cloak occurs because there is no light during the event as it has either moved on or is lagging behind. It s the recombination at the second lens that does the trick, giving a false sense of continuity to the observer after the lens.
Love your analogy, sure made me laugh visualising a geeky dev like myself tending a weathered gnarly monument in a secluded English glade... in real life, that is, not in an RPG .However, why such pessimism? I hardly think that standard formats and open APIs are dead. Sure, there are some nasty blights upon cyberspace in this regard ahem, Facebook, Apple , but other players are still keeping the dream alive to some extent e.g. Google, Yahoo .
Please stop hijacking the native browser scrolling.Or just stop hijacking my browser. Why do I need Javascript to read an announcement?
In my experience, how good of a time you ll have developing in Nix is incredibly tied to what you program in. Last time I tried Ruby was a real nightmare, and I never did manage to get Ruby on Rails to work correctly.
This is very impressive, and kind of mind-blowing that it works. The sample questions are awesome, but I wonder how much veracity it hasI asked it On average for the past 2 months, how many posts are made to hacker news per day? It went through about 4 iterations, and was able to get to a table of how many posts were made per day for the past 2 months, but was unable to get the average posts given that, and ended up saying that only 1 post was average per day when that is clearly incorrect.This was the final, incorrect SQL query. Pretty close, and really fun to see it work on figuring this out and getting close to the answer!SELECT DATE_FORMAT FROM_UNIXTIME time , Y- m- d AS day, AVG 1 AS avg_posts_per_day FROM items WHERE time UNIX_TIMESTAMP NOW - INTERVAL 2 MONTH AND time UNIX_TIMESTAMP GROUP BY day ORDER BY day DESC LIMIT 60
You could argue that the market would want that nobody works hard at a dying company.
watch Hd movies freeeee!!!
Progress on our dystopian hell seems to be moving right along.
It doesn t cost anything. You just set a timer for 25 minutes, then take a 5 minute break, and repeat. Take a longer break after 4.The greatest productivity tool I ever found, for certain types of work.
That s because they re easy to test and makes the interviewer think that they re smart. i.e. boosts their ego.
auto-generated GraphQL clients works really well if you have a larger codebase and large team. You can think of it as a forced high quality documentation.If you are working in a small project with just a few engs. The additional lift for GraphQL might not be worth it. Especially if the team is not already well versed.
Thank you for the advise, I believe that you are right. I will try it myself first.
To have no secrets it desirable, but I do not see how this would not lead to pure Anarchy in the political sense I wonder if government could even function without secrets. A wartime government certainly couldn t--World War II would have gone much differently if Germany knew Britain had broken Enigma, or if Japan knew how to build an atomic bomb.But what about more routine things? A lot of times we trust the government to keep our personal secrets. Consider health care. Most governments provide health care to some people in some capacity, be it the local public hospital or through a single payer system like Canada or even the NHS. How do you run one of these systems without protecting the privacy of your patients--i.e. keeping secrets?Perhaps we should consider diplomacy, given the recent leak. Sometimes diplomatic negotiations are very sensitive, and the smallest leak can catastrophically queer the deal. Consider the Cuban Missile Crisis--a well-placed leak there could have led to war.Or perhaps we should consider the criminal justice system. No state secrets means no Witness Protection Program. Sealed juvenile criminal records are generally considered a good thing, as is in some cases jury sequestration and the identities of rape victims.Finally, a government that can t keep secrets can t use cryptographic authentication or cryptographic channels for anything, from running an HTTPS service to transferring funds. Hell, they can t even secure their computer networks. We would all have the constitutional right to root access on every government computer.
thanks For information, the bits of code that is handling font index encoding
How so? Cavers will bring a change of clothes to avoid getting mud on a sensitive part of a cave with pristine formations. When entering virgin passage in dry caves like Lech, they very carefully plot a way through the room. Some rooms have been left untouched for future generations because they are so fragile, beautiful, and impossible not to disturb.
And i find it curious how both those engines seems to have more flexiblity in modding than current ones.Maybe because these days you can t get away with a CLI compiler and some freeware to make total conversions .
Interchange on most debit cards is 0.05 . Only small banks have higher interchange.
It s a fork?
The ChatGPT-generated section sounds exactly like the substance-free content farm articles you would find if you searched for how to choose a laser printer .
AOL s fate ended up being worse than even Microsoft, as far as I know.
Don t change the topic. You were the one claiming that requesting Ukraine stay neutral is not unreasonable implying that it is fine to attack another country if they do not abide to the request .Why Ukraine should not have the freedom to choose?
Huang s video on the harmonic series does a really cool dive into this
I had the same issue.Then I switched to OpenBSD.
But a malicious RDRAND is, at worst, useless, contributing zero entropy to a pool of multiple sources. A malicious XOR could reduce the entropy of the pool.
I was actually thinking of it as an extension of the presumption of innocence on behalf of the citizenry and keeping the burden of proof on the government as a check against it s powers. Cops are citizens too but there is some level of surrender of your individual rights e.g., when you join the military. It d be similar to that.Another thought is the panopticon . You don t necessarily need to stream and record every cop s cam, just randomize it without indicating to the cops who s getting recorded or when.
I mean in this model, if each page is an SPA, then the line between an SPA and an interactive page is very blurry.
Worst part of the year!
If you have the guts like Israel to take a chance as a society you might save another 1 life per 2.000 to 10.000 this fall.Screw testing let s deploy to prod cause we need to seem like we are doing something!65 Who are almost 80 of deaths in the US and At risk groups are still advised to get it everyone else will still have significant protection from the first shots. Not that the young and the healthy were at high risk to begin with...
The keyboard is useless without a kickstand.
Such bullshit on the Gawker thing. Gawker probably would have won the appeal on first amendment grounds but they couldn t afford to continue the fight.
It ll be fast enough , which is what you re claiming for asm.js s backwards compatibility mode, and PNaCL is a whole heck of a lot faster than that. I haven t seen PNaCl benchmarks. Have you?It is true that the compilers for asm.js are more immature than LLVM at this time, but there s nothing stopping asm.js from reaching that level.Again, it s just syntax. You re complaining about the fact that the code is delivered in a backwards compatible surface syntax and extrapolating that to unfounded assumptions that it must be slow. It s really an absurd claim.
Does anyone here spend much of their usual entertainment time watching YouTube specifically content creators not TED talks and such ? I started doing it recently just to see what all the fuss is about as it seems pretty common for younger people and I m 26 so it s not like I m old but I didn t do it .After subscribing to a few channels I started watching stuff regularly. Basically if I want to kill 10 mins I ll open up YouTube and there ll be something to watch. I m committing so little time I don t need to really think about it before clicking unlike say Netflix . On the other hand when I step back a minute I notice that the videos provide incredibly little value as opposed to usual entertainment sources. I could watch a crappy 20min sitcom and it may be deemed trash but it still has a story and characters it feels like it provides some value to me. I don t get that on YouTube. I ve tried a variety of the most popular channels and some other stuff and it s largely memes and clickbait and something I forget about the moment I m done watching.It seems like a lot of the popular creators don t actually produce good content but instead have managed to built a personality cult around themselves that hooks very young people. I ve noticed comments where people praise hustle and content and awesome product placement .Just interested on other people s thoughts on the platform and content.Edit Thanks for the replies everyone, very interesting.
Atmosphere itself is plant technology. It wasn t here before life and it won t be here after. Earth WAS pretty inhospitable, life just overcame those hurdles. Chances are we can do it again. It won t be easy, cheap or quick though.
Atlanta, Florida, Triangle.Tech won t positively invade your life like it does here in the Bay Area but you ll be able to find people in the industry.
Would it be possible to connect this to WebDav i.e. Own cloud ?
we need to learn more about its safety and even more so about how it would benefit adult health or not - we don t know.
Ok I get it.. you put small dots down with anything, it will eventually combine and build up to make a larger image.
In America in this century they tried to seize an entire inn for renting to the wrong kind of people.
Yeah, not many cyclists would add 10kg to their bike, typically resulting in doubling the bike weight.
That sounds like the American kind of nonsense perpetuated by reality tv and bs documentaries. There are a lot of people, even entire families loving aboard and sailing the world with plenty of youtube channels and forum posts about it.
Biometric security is one of the worst things to happen to security. Personally I hate passwords, but biometrics aren t the answer. How do you revoke the privilege when they are compromised? How do you give the keys to someone else? What happens when there is a life changing event that render your biometrics obsolete? Can you still you a gumi bear to fool a fingerprint reader?
If nothing else this will be an interesting time for historians to look back on. At some point sanity must set in and after that I wonder how they will reflect on this period.
From where I ve been sitting, big box retailers have been running on the zeal of expansionism for decades now.No profit? Then by all means they can sit back and let Dollar General come in and capture the retail of a town.In the past this has generally been bad news for an entrenched retailer and the first signs of fracturing. It s hard for me to care too much though what happens to these big chains.
Very excited about the Docker integration!
That doesn t mean we need to stop humans from exploring the solar system until everyone, everywhere is covered.Sending billionaires into space so they can film Tik-Toks from an in-orbit Tesla roadster and get mining rights to all the precious metals in the solar system while patenting and monopolizing critical space travel tech doesn t advance humanity at all, it sets us back. Government investment in and exploration of space pushes us forward, as do massive taxes on billionaires and redistributing their wealth to the general populace and public works projects.It s astounding to me that there is any non-billionaire alive that doesn t realize this.
What a bizarre gripe
One extra complicating factor is that each process node will have several different transistor libraries that make different tradeoffs between density and power frequency. So a smartphone SoC will tend to have a higher MT mm 2 number than a server CPU or GPU.
I don t want my TV to run any platform OS that would be the main source of content. Mainly because when I buy a TV it generally lasts for 10 years or so. My current Sony TV around 10 years old came with some apps , none of which now work. Which I m fine with. But what happens when that s the main OS for the TV? I d much rather buy a new chromecast or firetv every few years to get the latest experience.
Interesting. I ve never heard of businesses considering VAT in purchase decisions but I guess your explanation makes sense. Thanks for elaborating.
In some businesses it is important that all employee communications are captured and can be inspected in case there is suspicion of IP or customer data theft.For example in a hospital, there is no good reason for employee to use Tor on work computer.
I m a fan of graph paper for note taking myself.Also, I m a much bigger fan of mechanical pencils over pens. My favorite mechanical pencil is the Pentel Side FX. It has extra eraser compared to others and the button for extending the lead is on the side, which is more convenient.
Doesn t understanding language require that a model understands trends in the features of text embeddings inputted into it? And haven t we found that the more text and transformers the complex the trends it can understand in that text? If you have enough features present in medical records, why wouldn t it be able to find trends?
Euler angles irk me too because latitude rings are parallel to each other but longitude rings aren t, one runs from 0 to 2pi, anther runs from -pi to pi, another runs from 0 to pi, it s a mess. I wish we could find a system with better symmetry and consistency without being overspecified.
One of my favorite nights in Oaxaca was spent tasting mezcal at Mezcaloteca. The woman behind the bar kept pouring us varities that tasted like nothing I had ever experienced before. Everything we get in NYC is typically espadin or a blend. These were single origin bottles in 100 liter runs from small family distilleries. She had such an encyclopedic knowledge of all the producers and their families, it was a really special experience.I ended up buying a bunch of bottles from the bar and an extra suitcase from a shop near the zocalo to carry them back with me. I d recommend spending a night doing the tasting there to anyone traveling through Oaxaca.
Some other gems by David Mark
Monotone gave most inspiration according to the authors of git and hg.But the author addresses the point anyway I m not recording the first time anyone made the astonishing thing, but the first time it was productised and became popular.
By British currency do you mean the the Australian Pound not a British currency. The hint is in the name.
Laserjet printers like the 4700 and 5500 series are very cost effective to buy now. Maybe 250 on eBay and if you hunt toners go for 80 each on eBay and you ll get thousands of pages. Drum needs replacing very rarely - if you buy one with 75 left doubt it will ever be used in a residential or small office setting ime.
Akien does a great job managing the PRs. They have a decent system to enable them to review quickly and the core team does a ton of code reviews. Once you start contributing to Godot, it s pretty addicting.
cookiecaper, you ve basically ignored the argument. whoever did or didn t do things that precipitated or mandated the firing, the fact is that it must happenOh, but you can t call that a fact, because it fails the verifiability test. I mean, firing is a decision made by management, the same management that placed the company in this position in the first place. And it amuses me that in big corporations, management almost never gets fired. not everyone reacts the same way or prefers the same styleThis is not subjective, as having the common decency to look a person in the eyes before stabbing is something one should learn at home in order to pass for a human.Truth be told, I would get pretty mad about such things, but fortunately such companies are usually ran by incompetents and so most of them either go out of business or become completely irrelevant and for me that s justice enough.
Not a very rigorous test - but I just applied this to one of our very large angular 1.x apps and it had a consistent 20-30 reduction in profiled execution time across the couple of test interactions I did.That said, I m not sure it made much perceptible difference as the app already performed adequately and the reduction is amortized across all of the interactions the user makes.
Hi,thanks!Yes, it is both and yes, you can add it to your source tree through our github integration.Our idea is to have a human-readable, human-writeable DSL to describe your API. From there, we generate both documentation, mocks, debugging proxy and tests.You can use it to describe your existing APIs, but in my mind, our biggest value lies in conversation around API design that happens before you start implementing.Hope this helps!
It s precisely 50 premiumer than chromecast.
Happy Nomad Consul Terraform user here.Thanks a lot for the great products, but please give us managed Nomad already. Or even better a Heroku like app platform. I want to give you money, but I really dislike your companies enterprise offerings.BTW I believe there s a great opportunity for Hashicorp right now. Cloud providers are good at selling building blocks, but are terrible at selling a vision of how you should build your applications. On the other hand, low code enterprise application platforms are a disgrace as always. IMO a coherent stack of managed Nomad Consul Vault could provide a solid middle ground for those who want to build apps without the burden of managing K8s or navigating through the incomprehensible maze of products offered by public clouds.
I have heard that the clove hitch isn t very good, either. That it easily comes undone with wiggling
I think it s important to be able to work with mod 12 for some operations on year month relationship. All years have 12 months. For day of the month you need additional logic to handle diferent lengths... and other issues.
if you re serious, then it s because of Pavel Durov s personal wealth.if you re unfamiliar Pavel Durov created VK, which is a facebook-like for Russia, although it s a bit more advanced than facebook, promoting piracy and some other stuff that wouldn t fly in the USA.The Putin administration demanded Durov give access to personal data on the platform, Durov declined, went into self-imposed exile and the state confiscated his company. No VK is owned by the russian government, but Durov still had an enourmous personal wealth, something in the amount of 3 billion USD.He started Telegram in exile from Russia in hopes of eventually making himself famous for being a free speech advocate, then using that fame to make money in other areas.You can see his attempts with the TON blockchain thing and the new gaming platform. Adoption of telegram is failing, and his attempts at using telegram as a platform to gain wealth is also failing.
I ve had the same exact experience. They locked my account for weeks without response to my emails, and when they finally get back to me they told me that I m ineligible to use their service but without ever a reason why.The entire ordeal was really frustrating and I would strongly recommend against their service also.
Well happy to recommend things to do. Kids seem to love City Park.
Almost inevitably, there will be 3-4 people vying for their ideas to be implemented, sometimes conflicting with each other, sometimes conflicting with what s actually possible technically, and the sole dev guy will end up caught in the middle of all this - not unlike corp work, really. And yeah, they ll almost never see you as an actual CO-founder or equal in any way. I ve seen that happen equality but more often than not, the situation you described.If you can t sell something until every single pixel is perfect and it scales up to instagram levels on day one and everything else is in place because you only get one shot at impressing person X or... first customer ... you re doing something wrong.
I Googled for Daniel Levy ai First hit danilevy Bio. I currently lead the Optimization team at OpenAI. Before that, I was a Ph.D. student in Computer Science at Stanford University advised by John Duchi.
I used to work for the original spam king 0 at 2K Services in Montreal. Didn t realize how shady he was, friend of mine got me a job there. I got fired while on vacation because the office admin overheard me saying that, at some point in the future, I d like to do something different than programming. The something different I ended up doing systems administration. I was only an employee for six weeks, but I and my friend who worked there got a fair number of ridiculous stories. I lamented the day I took that job off my resume and no longer had a great answer to the question and why did you leave that position so quickly? 0
One would hope that the legislating body would be held to a higher standard.
I made no such assumption. When I moved to USA from India I would have happily moved in as Janiter. Life in USA as a janiter is way way better than a middle class person in India.
I noticed a strange issue with GIMP libheif plug-in - some of the converted images look a little washed out any such noticeable colour change is ofcourse, unacceptable . But macOS Preview converts them perfectly without any such colour difference. I suspect libheif to be buggy.
start to sound ridiculous in a world where the public starts to point out where their funding is coming fromI have to say I disagree did I misunderstand you? they sound absolutely ridiculous even if your only goal is to do good science and you don t care one jot for the public or funding. That was always a key problem with research parasites and Fiske s methodological terrorism apart from everything else, it s just bad science.
Softlayer runs two separate networks, the public network, and the private network vlans per customer, but also Softlayer tools are accessible from customer vlan, and customer vlan is accessible to Softlayer tools . The BMCs are connected to the private network. My understanding is that access to the BMC via the network is password protected, and customers don t get a password with enough access to flash via the network. Of course, older versions of the Supermicro BMC firmware had network accessible vulnerabilities, and current versions may have vulnerabilities as well. But impitool from the host can configure the BMC, and I suspect either flash the BMC or at least configure the BMC with a user that can flash it or Supermicro tools can likely be run on the host to flash the BMC
Could not resolve location for Barcelona, Catalonia, ES
I am not commenting on the moral side of this persons actions, only the legal side.But this is a false sense of neutrality and objectivity. Asking about the legality of aiding humans cannot be done without considering the moral side of the law and the moral side of the actions. Especially since the law itself has a moral component.
Galloway founded the digital intelligence firm L2 Inc, which was acquired in March 2017 by Gartner for 155 million, and the now defunct Firebrand Partners founded in 2005 , an activist hedge fund that has invested over 1 billion in U.S. consumer and media companies.
Okay, so even privacy concerns aside and assuming this works as well as they say, is there anyone who would actually find this sort of thing useful?I mean, I m normally pretty open-minded about products like this, but I m having trouble seeing the target market here. Are there really a significant number of people out there who want to be able to browse their wardrobe on their phones and get a computer to help them choose their outfit? I honestly don t know fashion doesn t really interest me so I m clearly outside their target market. I wonder if Amazon s real motivation for this product may actually be to create a better way to sell clothes online. Maybe once they get enough data points they can start using AR to show you how you d look wearing a particular outfit or piece of clothing sold on amazon.com? Or maybe it will take your measurements to help ensure the clothes you re ordering will fit you properly. If so that might actually be useful and would probably significantly increase online sales of clothing.
One instance where I ve found writing lots and lots of comments helpful is for functions with code that I m writing for the first time. It s like rubber-duck troubleshooting - making myself explain what I m doing in plain language actually helps me reason about it. I tend to leave those comments in because then the next person who works on it understands why I did something in a particular way. This perhaps results in superfluous comments, but you re never going to get it exactly right, and I think erring on the side of too many comments is probably better than too few.
Hello HN,This is my second post on here, on a topic I ve been mulling over in my head all year.Broadcasting my opinion online and actually in real life as well is not something I ve been good at in the past, so I d welcome as much constructive criticism as you care to throw at me.Working a graphic designer was a contributing factor in the nervous breakdown I suffered earlier in the year... and I sense that there are lot of designers out there who are similarly disillusioned suffering with their career.The blog post is my first step in exploring the alternatives which are out there for us graphic designers... as I feel we have a strong skill-set which is very frequently ill-used.James
flagged
I get you.I ve dropped out of highschool due to lack of attendance, lost almost 4 years trying to figure out what is wrong me. Put my parents through hell, wasn t nice. In the end I ve realized that I wasn t depressed because of childhood traumas or whatever, but because I wasn t able to commit to studying, or to be able to properly focus on anything. Which in turn made me feel like shit, vicious cycle. Getting through high school would be easy, but that wouldn t fly in college. I literally read one page of notes and went to do 10 different things, before I realized that I m supposed to do something else.I m writing that because a lot of helpful people tried to figure out what is going on with me, but I think that I ve hidden the real thing focus issues, missing some basic social queues, thinking too fast that was different , so well, that I only could have realized that I have something ADHD-related at 24, as an adult.Anyways, finished high school alternatively, now doing 2 degrees at uni, it s the exact same struggle, but I know myself better and it kind of goes. Medication is terrible, it s either methamphetamines for life or nothing. My grades are still terrible, but you can find your worth elsewhere.I am both incredibly happy and frustrated it was pre-me that post-COVID online schooling gets more credit and justification for people with various struggles. I know that it would have saved me at least 2-3 years, so I look out for what is going on in that field. Cheers
LLMs aren t people, and emergent properties are being over extended.LLMs are trained on human texts. And if they re trained well these models might start to simulate parts of a human brain. Might be that this is the simplest way to produce texts that satisfy the objective function.If this would be the case, and we give LLMs some emotional shading, maybe these would simulate parts of a human brain with this emotion and hence produce better answers given that in the training data, emotional samples have better quality .EDIT added parts of before human brain.
Original paper
And then what? Let them go boom? I d doubt that most of the released chemicals by modern mine explosions do any good for nutritional value, or soil chemistry in general. Rather the opposite. AFAIK there are no Eco-Blasts on the market .
Because everyone and their brother seems to prefer PlayStation. You said it yourself, what consoles do my friends have? I have both the XSX and the PS5, but most of my friends and relatives only have a PS5. They have an extensive catalog of digital games from the PlayStation store and it would take a lot more than this deal to get them to completely abandon Sony.
I don t have the feeling that I have to give something in return. It s a voluntary donation, people can donate, or not. They can cancel at any time. I don t feel any pressure to deliver anything. They re paying because they want to reward the value I have provided, and likely will continue to provide. If I stop providing it, I assume people will slowly cancel their donations, which is how things should work.If anything the fun-level has gone way up because a community has formed around one of my projects, which has been great.
An annoying oversight is that while my Fujifilm camera is modern enough to shoot HEIF RAW, Apple Photos only knows to group JPEG RAW as a single photo. Because Apple did not spend a day of engineering time bringing feature parity for the file format they themselves promoted, it has turned into a bigger feature to match and merge the HEIF and RAW assets after the fact. After several years, I m growing doubtful they ll ever accomplish it.I have yet to see whether they did it right with JXL RAW or is it DNG RAW? but hopefully they will before it becomes available in mainstream cameras.
That s literally what the Bolt CEO did. He ran a company that offered his employees the loans.
If you just raise the prices, there s no guarantee it would actually lower water usage enough to help.Sure it will. If water costs these farmers 1,000,000 gallon, they would use 0 of what they do now, since nobody would buy a 4MM avocado. That s absurd, but it does demonstrate that there is a price for water that will lower its usage.The goal should be to price water such that enough is left downstream for personal consumption. Doing so will raise prices on agricultural goods, which will decrease demand, also lowering water consumption.
These laptops ship with broadwell skylake kabby lake processors, which support both DDR-3L and DDR4 memory.But for price power-budget reasons, they ship with the DDR-3L option.
So what are those alternatives?
The tradition joke with OS design is that a worse name typically means a better OS. Plan 9, Fiasco, . While ambitious names often denote a bad OS plenty of examples there
Turns out this little moon gets squeezed between Jupiter and TitanIsn t it Saturn and Titan ?
Well, it was for emphasis. I can t count how many times I ve seen the rebase is evil trope. It s so tired and abused and annoying and misguided. So, yeah, the sentence terminators were to convey the very real emotion on this subject.
So the obvious answer would be to host it on like azure or google cloud storage but I can just imagine the institutional push back that would get trying to do that.
Internal HR people exist to help the company fire people they want to fire, maintain regulatory compliance, and that s about it. Sadly this is true. I had a startup that was acquired and we went from being a 50 person company to being a 250 person company, and later nearly a 1500 person company. And our original HR person who was more of the morale culture lets stay balanced kind of person, quit after the real HR people explained to her what her job in HR was. I was helpless to change her fate and that really bothered me for a long time. After that and later Sarbanes Oxley and Regulation FD stuff were on everyone s mind, the people that called themselves HR became compliance officers. Their job is was to protect the company. That was sad for me.
He s not counting all the time he s spent carefully reading the oauth spec and playing with different options .
Ok but BTC ETH make up 68 of the total crypto market cap, not these penny stocks. And yes, I realize that market cap means less and less as you go down the list of coins but that s kind of my point. It is a choice to go for the smaller ones high risk, higher potential reward .
That s not true.You need to provide an impression if your website has a commercial or journalistic character. Yes, it s vague and up to the interpretation of a court.
Non-portable to different character sets, not platforms. One could argue that the argument to json_parse is a UTF-8 string.
Life is effort and I ll stop when I die!
thank you for linking to source material, but I don t think it s very useful to reply with teasers expecting us to read a book to understand one tightly constrained topic of conversation debate.
I have worked with both and I would not claim that bash is superior to Powershell. I wouldn t even claim that my favorite shell, zsh, which is mostly better than bash, is superior to Powershell.They re different approaches and the only real benefit of bash is that it s super entrenched and extremely widely supported. With the same level of support Powershell would run circles around it. But since we re comparing things in the real world, Powershell is roughly equivalent to bash for most tasks. Better for some, worse for others.
I see you too have had to deal with AAA.
Haven t they supported controllers for years?
My first thought exactly. Particularly with any area that s largely single-family dwellings, this would completely galvanize opposition to transit, as the locals would quite correctly apprehend that it s the fast track to having the neighborhood change, and explicitly so.It s also essentially a way of telling everyone want a life where rail travel is your primary commute? hope you also don t want a single-family home. Now, maybe that s an acceptable loss, given that single-family neighborhoods are already not exactly friendly to rail lines coming in, and they are by nature exactly in heavy supply near rail.Or maybe the unintended consequence is going to be to halt the expansion of rail.
You still haven t mentioned the country.
The Moment lenses and cases are probably the most well-received lenses for mobile devices. They have macro lenses as well
Disqus San Francisco, CA YC 07 Looking for JavaScript Engineers, Python Engineers, and more
Navigating the real world is inefficient and slow. I m amazed any delivery business except maybe pizza makes sense. Without lucky closely spaces orders you are paying an entire individual worker s salary and gas for what can easily be a 20-30 min round trip.
Here s a suggestion I haven t seen Unless you have full management support, a skilled team, valid business reasons for this conversion, and expectations of succeeding, consider moving to another company job.You ve been given the task of digital archeology septic cleanup. Unless you like the tedium and stank, it s not going to bode well...
I d buy a small newer post 1979 construction so no rent control rental property in San Francisco. With that much down you should be able to get it cash flow positive plus increase your equity at the same time if you needed to liquidate.
If you can even get in. If you re in SEA I think you still can but you may want to hurry up.
She was not singled out, they arrested 11 people and maybe more to come.I get your point, but because some crooks are free doesn t mean they should all be free.It s the same as why bother with Ukraine when we turn a blind eye on Yemen .
There has been a high level smear campaign run against Assange for many years so you can t really trust anything you read.On top of this I think Julian has gone crazy - hard not to when you are locked up indefinitely and they really are out to get you.At this point almost anything could be true.
I feel so nostalgic when I read this Beej s Guide. It s a resource that my computer science professor highly recommended back in the early 2000s. The writing is so clear and concise that it s a pleasure to read as opposed to some dry and technical materials . It s more useful than some textbook that cost hundreds of dollars. It saved me so much time and sleepless nights to figure out how to complete my network programming assignment.Let me give you a virtual elbow bump! You really made an impact in my academic and professional career!
See the St Petersburg paradox for a good example of this. example that we all participate in is insurance. We all make an expected loss on insurance, but we lower the variance of our outgoings by doing it, so most of us are happy to take the hit.
I recall it being Clover, or whoever started those tablet point of sale systems in the early 2010s. After those arrived is when I started seeing tipping prompts everywhere.
I was personally told this once, and I also extrapolate it a bit from insight into the differences that often exist between actual and stated beliefs and how the latter serve more for social signaling. I generally find literalist interpretations of belief shallow.
Yeah, the article discusses this Employers are going to need to wrap their heads around this situation and create plans that allow this. I suspect the reason many employees are not transparent about what they are doing is that their employers won t allow it. So they do it anyway and keep it under wraps.I don t think employers will do this, imo
Senior ECB officials said at the time in 2016 that they needed more evidence that the notes facilitated criminal activity.So did they find the evidence or not? The article omits this information.
I don t mean it in a bad way but I scrolled through the website, watched the video, and still don t really know what is the product service offering and when would I need it.
Helm and the likes make it possible to spin up these kinds of solutions in a heart beatGenuine question, why is this bad? Is it because k8s can spin it up but becomes unreliable later? I think the industry wants something like k8s - define a deployment in a file and have that work across cloud providers and even on premise. Why can t we have that? It s just machines on a network after all. Maybe k8s itself is just buggy and unreliable but I m hopeful that something like it becomes ubiquitous eventually.
Meta however is buying FB shares. They spent 20 billion in Q4 and 14 billion in Q3 on buying back shares. They must be confident..
But that is crazy. If you look deeper, why would you want to work separately from where you live? Like, wanting what s best for your families could be that you don t need a long commute, AND where you live is nice It s shallow thinking that the only way to have a safe living environment is to separate it from where you work.
Great data, thanks for taking the time to format it cleanly.
Yeah, it s usually unequal in the area I used to work in. The Agent s have their own agreements with their Brokers that are independent of any sale purchase they work on. I ve seen everything from 50 50 all the way to 90 10 10 to Broker .
Snake text ie, copying existing learnings from newspaper column widths was already a thing in 1996 The column was the first example of what the Web magazine Salon www.salon1999.com dismissed as snake text, meaning the story ran in one long, narrow column. While the reader has to constantly scroll through snake text, the narrow width is far easier to read than, say, oh-I-dunno, Salon s ripped-from-a-magazine page format.
What a shame, but i guess the homogenization of corporate america must roll on.
I think at best this is fizzbuzz for DS, which is not inherently wrong. It s nice to know a software developer can write a loop and a data scientist can use a JN, so for weeding out people who have no practical experience with a given tool set, it could make sense.The question then is how do you algorithmically or even just consistently distinguish a great data scientist from one who can accurately model answers to a question that was badly thought out?Plus as pointed out before, the length of a take home could reduce applications from the most qualified candidates.Wonder if this should be even shorter and more quiz fun like so it intrigues rather than annoying more senior applicants, and still wondering the best way to identify the data scientists who ask better questions.
they don t necessarily have to join , but exchange data from their network app to yours.we ve been sending email with user domain between disparate email servers running on disparate OS for years - allowing for addressing and exchange of structured data with similar style shouldn t be that hard.
I personally use Jekyll for all my static website needs including my homepage probably better options out there certainly newer ones , but I like that it s a first-class citizen for GitHub Pages not relevant for my own homepage, which runs off a VPS in Iceland, but certainly relevant for the couple of FOSS projects of mine that have their own websites and if it ain t broke, why fix it? Any similar static site generator should be right up your alley - Hugo included.It s been a dream of mine to someday do everything via Emacs Org Mode, but I haven t yet felt motivated enough to take the plunge.
Inflation is the economics version of software getting slower faster than hardware gets faster . In other words, the increased output is being diverted to areas that don t produce value.
believe me the French are very, very proud of their country, that doesn t really mean you need to buy into rather cringy economic patriotism . Especially when it makes zero sense as in the case of software. It s not like this browser came out of a 500 year old artisanal Japanese crafting shop, where the browser recipes where handed down the family treeWith these kinds of things it s basically, I have no way to differentiate my product, so I m gonna slap the country flag on it for good measure
A question for the Rust crowd, from someone who s thinking about giving Rust another chance in 2021 Last time I tried getting into Rust, some years ago, the recommended way to install it was to use the rustup tool. You were also kind of expected to learn using the nightly version of the language, because much of the documentation and stackoverflow answers depended on that.Is this still the case now that we re about to enter 2021? Is it OK to learn rust by installing it via apt install , or is it still recommended to use rustup? Is it OK to stick just to stable Rust or should I expect that I will need to install the nightly version at some point?
For geek cred you could put in another Network or Storage adapter and do ISCSI or FC. SAS would allow 2 to share storage, however I don t think SAS supports more then 2 initiators. Directly connecting every host to a pool of Flash chips would likely require a custom controller for the flash and a way to present it to each Raspberry PiThis will almost certainly not make sense economically, but it seems a lot around RPi clustering doesn t make sense from a performance perspective.
Do you think youtube s profits have paid for the initial purchase price and the losses it ran for the first few years?
I joined Uber in 2016, right around when on every conference you d hear a talk along the lines on Lessons learned at Uber on scaling to thousands of microservices 1 .After a year or two, those talks stopped. Why? Turns out, having thousands of microservices is something to flex about, and make good conference talks. But the cons start to weigh after a while - and when addressing those cons, you take a step back towards fewer, and bigger services. I predict Monzo will see the same cons in a year or two, and move to a more pragmatic, fewer, better-sized services approach that I ve seen at Uber.In 2020, Uber probably has fewer microservices than in 2015. Microservices are fantastic for autonomy. However, that autonomy also comes with the drawbacks. Integration testing becomes hard. The root cause of most outages become parallel deployments of two services, that cause issues. Ownership becomes problematic, when a person leaves who owned a microservice that was on the critical path. And that no one else knew about. Oncall load becomes tough you literally have people own 4-5 microservices that they launched. Small ones, sure, but when they go down, they still cause issues.To make many services work at scale, you need to solve all of these problems. You need to introduce tiering ensuring the most ciritical micro services have the right amount of monitoring, alerting, proper oncall and strong ownership. Integration testing needs to be solved for critical services - often meaning merging multiple smaller services that relate to each other. Services need to have oncall owners and a healthy oncall usually needs at least 5-6 engineers in a rotation, making the case for larger services as well.Microservices are a great way to give more autonomy for teams. Just beware of the autonomy turning into something that s hard to manage, or something that burns people out. Uber figured this out - other companies are bound to follow. 1
For-profit healthcare is a crime against humanity.
The person thinks it s fraud because they watched videos by a propagandist who goes by the name common sense skeptic who makes videos that sound a lot like the people who make videos about flat earth. I say this as they quote all the same talking points of that person.
Why do you think their organization should promote recycling? Recycling is not the end goal in itself, it s a process designed with the supposed intention of reducing waste.If the outcome of recycling isn t doing a good job of achieving that goal which it arguably is not - then we should not be overly attached to that. Recycling shouldn t be be a quasi-religion, accepted on faith as a solution with no regard to its actual outcome.Right now, putting out recycling to be collected every week makes people feel better about themselves and their consumption. The numbers indicate it isn t working to reduce waste though, despite how happy we are to pat ourselves on the back.Is it gloomy to point out the emperor has no clothes? I d argue someone needs to say it.
It must have been 2 years since I last tried Docs but at that time Japanese input was utterly broken. Both in Safari and Chrome and in different ways in each browser
They are for sure planning trading already, and probably battling as well.Catching Pokemon is the core gameplay aspect of it. Walking around, discovering new places, new Pokemon is what the game is currently meant to be about. That is why the PvP is laughable compared to other games.
One big reason why I was never comfortable identifying as a libertarian is that so many people react reflexively to the word, probably based on a few annoying college acquaintances who wouldn t shut up about takers . In my experience actual libertarians have views as diverse as liberals or conservatives or members of either major party, but it s becoming impossible to dissociate the label from the stereotype.
This isn t a parody.For another example One of the best value rooms in Munich featured Marten Django L loudspeakers at 6900 pair, Nagra electronics, and the surprisingly affordable Purist Audio Genesis Series cables including a 300 interconnect, 375 speaker cable, and 250 Vesta power cord.from here - is that power cord on sale -
If it s a compiler collection, what languages does it compile? And, more importantly, does it finally contain the SufficientlySmartCompiler ? With a title like that it would be really disappointing if it didn t.
It seems to me that if you can afford a 3D printer, the computer to run it and the technical ability to do the printing and assembly you probably already have better options than a funky zip gun of questionable quality. I would think the money to buy the above equipment would get you a decent gun on the black market if guns are illegal in your country. And if there is no black market to speak of, then you would probably not be allowed to buy the 3D printer in the first place.It seems like this is more of a novelty than anything useful.
NP-hard problems are quite interesting.
Sign languages are not coded speech. They are languages with their own grammar and vocabulary. For example, American SL is descended from Old French Sign Language and is partially understandable by French SL speakers today, while British SL is completely different, not in the same language family. It is even possible to write sign language. it is done like with spoken language. The most basic components, akin to phonemes in spoken language, are a closed set, assigning a symbol to each allows lossless transcription. Mostly used by linguists but there are some books in ASL.Deaf people who speak sign language natively approach English as a second language. And it is hard to learn a spoken language when deaf. English literacy rates among ASL native speakers are rather low.
Just an aside, I had to look up what 2S LGBQT was. When are we going to start adding an F, to make sure we don t exclude furries? It sounds far-fetched but I ve seen people include a K, for kink . Don t forget allies, nonbinary, intersex, asexual, pansexual, demisexual, and 50 other things I can t remember. I just think of the alphabet soup crowd now.It seems like the LGB s are slowly being crowded out by other groups that distract from and derail their issues. I m sure I ll get flagged for this shortly.
The Chinese boom has already happened, and busted. The market over there is saturated with Omegas and Audis and cases of fancy French wines.
I did not skip any parts, previous commenter is generalizing from this major security problem to a non-trustworthy NIST in general, and one power NIST has is to choose algorithms as standards which are known to them to be weak. While this is a discussion on probability and trustworthiness, where you can reasonably take stand on both sides, the argument itself is sound.
Let me throw a wrench into things with a provocative statement which I have no intention of citing support for The affluence of Western Europe and the US was not built on hard work and ingenuity so much as the exploitation of cheap labor and the sudden access to deep veins of basic resources or economic industrial efficiencies which were either already extant but inaccessible without a critical mass of capital, or else were inevitable on an imminent timescale given past development.Have at it.
I wish I could have a highly customizable Wayland WM like AwesomeWM or XMonad. I like Sway but it lacks some very important features that I loved in AwesomeWM.
How does bankruptcy for corporations work? If that were true wouldn t companies just liquidate, payout to the founders, and screw over investors? But in reality don t courts require the debtors to be paid off first?
There s nothing wrong with the FOSS agenda. The problem was Mozilla management spreading the company too thin across too many low-value initiatives, and spinning off innovative crown jewels like the Rust language and discontinuing Rust-based Servo rendering engine. Performance and stability is a feature, arguably the one browser-users care about the most, and being the home of some industry-leading tech on those fronts was valuable. More focus on high-value but difficult initiatives, and less on low-value features, should have been the order of the day. Instead it almost feels like the MBAs took over and they forgot they were a tech org.
You know what a killer app for this would be? An app store of stupidly-simple-to-use server software.Routers are most people s only always ON computer, and having the ability to run decentralized applications on them like media, backups, microblogging, chat bouncers, etc. as easily as one would install a smartphone app could really tip the scale back toward the edges and away from centralized services.Money can t be ignored though. There has to be a cryptocurrency-y? way for people to voluntarily subscribe to recurringly give money to developers of these services, and it has to be so simple that it s almost easier than not giving.Costs could be offset by the user by renting out cpu bandwidth storage in a similarly one-click way by running specialized apps that handle that.
This little maneuver is gonna cost us 51 years.
Thank you. I can t stand it when I build someone s C code and am greeted with page after page of compiler warnings. It gives me a sinking feeling.
Very interesting post. One thing that would be interesting to know about startups which gets talked about very little is the mundane things about running such a shop.- None of the startups have HR. How do they deal with Health and other benefits? - Legal etc.Love the sawhorse desks.
I was thinking the same thing. Take the emailer up on his offer to back up whatever data you need, then offer to cut him deal - him the laptop reward money amnesty immunity if he tells you who the thief was.
Yup, my culture shock seeing a table of salarymen chain smoking in the restaurant in Japan.
Is that because you have lots of variation over different values? I ve tried using websites like Bionumbers, but can t tell if it s curated or not, and is basically now useless. How is yours different?
Ok then - you are one! LOL
When prices of a thing go up, people buy less of that thing. If that were not true, I think somebody would have noticed by now.
It s committed rather than having merely been posted for review.
If you sound out t and h quickly, it slushes into to the th sound. Besides, there s nothing wrong with teaching that th has its own sound, just like ng has its own sound.
Yes, the RR companies are literally stopping trains and having to drive out crews to swap out because the trains are stopped for so long. and the crews have long shifts already.
Also, it would mean you usually would not recover anything since a corporation usually has deep pockets and your average employee is not even worth suing even if you could win.
SSHing into a server and launching a small GUI tool is still dead.They are working on native support for that via PipeWire. For the time being you can still do that with Xwayland.
Nobody over-promises or under-promises for that matter when the meaning of units and prefixes are clear.Division by powers of 1000 ceased to be an expensive operation relative to user interaction a very very long time ago. And even back when it was, I am sure would the error have been in the order of 10 as it is now with TB vs TiB , they absolutely would have taken the more expensive but more correct operation.I just see no advantage in continuing to resist the unification of the meaning of prefixes. And where people prefer the old way for some nostalgic reason, just put the i in there and you are good.
Remember when IBM was claiming all kinds of imminent breakthroughs in healthcare via their Watson AI project? Sad that they have to now resort to digital outsourcing to pump the stock price.
A memory management system for a particular program only has to solve the problems of that program, which is a tremendously simpler thing to do.I don t like to sound rhetorical, but writing a memory management system for anything non trivial that is, a scenario where you allocate and deallocate memory quickly becomes a difficult problem.Besides, could you give us an example ? I d like to know about it. My example is a video game where we were allocating thousands and thousands of small stuff and deallocating it. Soon you end up with a fragmented memory where you can t allocate big chunk of memory...
Thanks. That was what I guessed. When it comes to funding just ideas, it tends to be only about the team.
I don t think co-opted is the accurate term. Simon was of the libertarian right.
I think this could be avoided by using this syntax instead bash
Maybe you are talking about Ultima Online, because the original Ultima games predate Time Bandits. Also, Marvel multiverse would have been mostly influenced by DC Comics alternate Earths, with Earth-2 introduced in 1961.
you can ask online_en to get an invite on twitter, it s free during beta
Zoho has entered the chat.Seriously though, what are they supposed to use now?
...and math.It s easy to learn those topics independently with self-study. But learning linear algebra or stats on your own is much more difficult. People might claim that this isn t useful for most programmers, but it is absolutely is for a growing subset of them.
simply need a year off away from the worldIt s actually really hard mentally to do this if you don t already have a shitton of savings in the bank that you re not worried about paying rent, and aren t worried about getting a new job. For a lot of people it s harder than it sounds. But yes, gap years would be amazing.Another thing I wish was more encouraged is part-time work. Working for a year at maybe 20 hours a week would probably pay all living expenses while you have plenty of space and time to recover and time to spend in the wilderness or beach or whatever strikes your fancy. Everyone seems to want to shovel you in as a full-time employee, and part-time seems to be looked down upon more than it should as a transition and recovery tool.
I would also assume bluetooth to be more battery hungry, though, perhaprs marginally.
I see what you re saying, but I disagree that it s a substantial rebuttal to my comment. For any IETF document that wasn t originally drafted on a typewriter, this style is absolutely skeumorphic. I don t necessarily mind it as a default, but I really wish the pure plain-text document ommited the headers and footers.
It depends on your clients and or the work you re doing. On the server-side, I do almost entirely ASP.NET work for small and medium business. Much of that is public-facing and you wouldn t know it was .NET unless you viewed the source and looked pretty closely. You certainly can build drab, enterprisey software with ASP.NET or any other language , but you can also build sites like Stack Overflow just as easily.Trying to host an ASP.NET 4 MVC3 site on Apache would be a nightmare. So, for the same reason you might tend to avoid IIS for your PHP work, .NET developers will prefer IIS for their work.As for why so much enterprise software is written in languages like C and Java, I believe it has a lot to do with those companies having very large teams with high turnover. Static languages and their tooling do have some compelling advantages in that situation.
I m basing it on common sense don t take anything artificial if you don t have to.The same science claimed that DDT is safe, eating sugar is good, mRNA vaccines are safe, etc.
This is retaliation for the staff unionizing. The wiping is a petty final insult to try to deprive them of even their body of work.
Also Pronunciation with initial ɡ popularized as a joke, in particular through The Gnu Song. 2 3
This was a major concern for us, but the more I think about it, the less concerned I get.What I remember from school is a lot of social status competitions that weren t great for self esteem or regular adult life. I was generally popular and considered a nice guy in school and I still cringe at the way I behaved as a young adult. Part of that is just growing up, but a large part of it is that learning how to be very social in high school makes you kind of a jackass by normal adult standards.Over my life I ve also met a lot of homeschooled kids who seem weird compared to their peers because they act more like adults than children. The half dozen or so homeschooled kids I knew both as kids and adults have all become well adjusted adults, including the weirdest ones. I can remember as a kid thinking to myself how weird they were, and now I m embarrassed for having been so judgmental as they turned out just fine.And nothing I hear from friends or relatives with kids in school makes me feel like the kids are missing much by being at home. The same people who suggest that homeschooling hinders social development have practically monthly stories about bullying and conflicts with teachers and social cliques and it sounds like a lot of stress to subject a 6 year old to.I agree completely that it s important that kids learn social skills but I think it s plausible that public school doesn t provide a better environment for that than home.In any case, this is becoming less of a problem as the internet enables us to find lots of opportunities for kids to get together with other homeschoolers for sports, hikes, clubs, etc.
What about UID issues? I remember using it years ago and sometimes having permission issues in containers when mounting local files. How is that nowadays? I much prefer running this in a rootless manner also. What about docker compose? Is there an alternative for podman?
Is this article trying to say that jamming can be used to temporarily blank sensors without the controller realizing they have dropped off the system? If so, actually using this for practical nefarious purposes would still be fairly complicated, because you would need to have the system in a pristine state for x seconds every y seconds.
almost EVERY command was available in this way via the ribbon Surely you re joking, Mr. NotTheDro1ds! Afaict, relatively few of Word s commands are exposed in the ribbon look for example at the long list of additional commands that can be added to the ribbon customization . I think, although it would be hard to prove, that more were exposed by the old menus.
In my opinion the scarcest human resource is nuance. So many heated breaths of online guff would evaporate in the afternoon sunlight if every netizen took a little more care when editorialising.A genuine follow-up question is, What is statehood? By any accepted definition transnational corporations are not states. Even if you modify the moniker with the prefix net- it still feels wrong to me.There are very few senses in which the citizens of Facebook share a common identity purely because they inhabit Facebooklandia. If anything, the citizens of Facebook are its shareholders, bosses, and employees. We can see this because corporate decisions most often intersect the desires and intentions of those three stakeholders rather than the desires of the customers. Also, even though it is a cliché beaten to death, unless you are paying for a service you are not the customer, you are at best a user , at worst a productised entity.Advertisers hold much sway in what content gets shown and produced.Having said that, I agree with the author s thesis. If you want to reach hearts and minds go to where their eyeballs are go to where they are plugged into the information streams.I think we should reserve the term net-state for online virtual sovereign groups of individuals and potentially bots that have some form of self-governance.
The GDPR isn t an online law.It applies to processing personal data whether it s online or stored on scraps of paper in a filing cabinet.
If you are doing proper OpSec, you would have whole disk encryption anyway, in which case destroying the computer is largely unnecessary, I think.That said, the caveat of XKCD 538 still applies.
The problem is that the law as written, while it sounds like it should not allow body shops to hire phalanxes of seat warmers, has been lawyered-around and by that I mean there are lawyers specializing in fitting your favored candidate to an H1-B visa Post a job description that s impossible to fill, and then arbitrarily accept that the H1-B applicant meets the job criteria. Short of litigating every case, how do you stop that?
They need an inflatable autopilot.
The 128GB iPhone 7 wrote to memory at 341Mbps, but the 32GB iPhone 7 was over eight times slower at just 42Mbps.Slow write speeds are the hallmark of being too much of a cheapskate when buying SSDs. 42Mbps would be miserably slow for a laptop SSD. Buying such a slow SSD is the kind of mistake I d expect from a non-savvy consumer.Then again, how much data is being written to an iPhone s SSD per second on average?
Because then you d have to park inline with the charger? A snake would give you some leeway.
In a capitalist society that doesn t respect human rights, like the USA this may happen.It also happens in poor societies that can t afford to enforce these rights.But there are countries out there which strive to uphold these rights, no matter if one affords to pay for various services or not.
I won t speak for anyone else, but I ve written some really good code but then I had a hard time understand what the heck I did after a year.Joe s arguments are weak code should be readable good comments require good writers refactoring His example is way too simple. Try a more difficult approximation function.Joe needs to realize that code produced at work is not meant for one single individual. If I leave, I want my co-workers and their future co-workers to have a good time navigate through codebase.Use comments wisely, but don t avoid them! Adding 10 extra lines of comments to the file is better than a one-liner no one can understand. Let s not run a 100-line competition when we are writing code professionally. I shouldn t need to frustrate my reviewers and beg me to explain. Use newlines to make your code more readable as well.
I don t think it s an exact hash scan.If so, it would be trivial to defeat. People would simply need to do a 1-pixel crop, or recompress.
10ren - Interesting points. I ve always liked what Alfred North Whitehead says about notation By relieving the brain of all unnecessary work, a good notation sets it free to concentrate on more advanced problems, and, in effect, increases the mental power of the race. Before the introduction of the Arabic notation, multiplication was difficult, and the division even of integers called into play the highest mathematical faculties. Probably nothing in the modern world would have more astonished a Greek mathematician than to learn that ... a large proportion of the population of Western Europe could perform the operation of division for the largest numbers. This fact would have seemed to him a sheer impossibility ... Our modern power of easy reckoning with decimal fractions is the almost miraculous result of the gradual discovery of a perfect notation. ... By the aid of symbolism, we can make transitions in reasoning almost mechanically, by the eye, which otherwise would call into play the higher faculties of the brain. ... It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate the habit of thinking of what we are doing. The precise opposite is the case. Civilisation advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them. Operations of thought are like cavalry charges in a battle -- they are strictly limited in number, they require fresh horses, and must only be made at decisive moments. --from An Introduction to Mathematics, 1911
I didn t, but it was only after some serious internal debate.
Unless it s acknowledged in the contract, order of signature has little or no relevance from a legal perspective.
The United Kingdom wants to become the safest place for children to grow up online . Or they could actually arrest the people responsible for child rape and prostitution. UK Police ignored the rape of 1400 kids because they didn t want to be accused of racism. UK criminal justice system and laws are a circus.
So back to the grandparent conclusion, employing 11 of the workforce is not beneficial to the US economy?
Quantum proof encryption already exists.
That was typical of all premodern breads, other than sourdoughs. Yeast was isolated in the 1800s.
Its messy
Therefor I didn t expect Netflix to go down. Would be interesting to learn in a postmortem why Netflix had issues despite Chaos Gorilla.
If Jobs had the same insight into music as he had into tech, we d see way more hip hop, electronic.You can be on the cutting edge of music without liking hip hop or electronic music. The problems wasn t the genres he picked, but the incredibly generic band choices within those genres.I do like hip hop and electronic is slowly growing on me , but that doesn t mean that everyone that doesn t is out of touch. There s interesting music coming out of nearly every genre in 2019. That s the way it always is.
China isn t some totalitarian dictatorshipSo making their president president for life doesn t count as a dictatorship now?
Whatever Republican s views are on climate change, they ve been consistently pro nuclear power.
I love seeing little niche MMO games like this! Anyone remember mienfield.com? This site reminds me of that, but that site kept going down and coming back up, and reddit.com r mienfield kind of narrates the life and eventual death of that site, which is neat to see unfold over time. But what s most interesting to me is that although so many people found this kind of simple MMO game extremely fun and kept going back to it our family played mienfield on and off for weeks, maybe months! , the site couldn t find a way to support itself financially and eventually died. I m not sure what would have been the best financial model for it either. But either way, it s super cool and inspired me to buy editfight.com and transform it into a new kind of MMO game every few months. To me the best part of these kind of games like minesweep.glitch.me here is that people have to find ways to interact and communicate with very little conventional ways no comments, no live chat, etc and instead have to use the game itself to communicate, to coordinate and plan, or just to say hi to each other! It s like getting back to the raw fundamentals of human interaction before there was formalized speech or writing!
Is there much difference in hardware between the 2g and 3g iphones?
My dreams are often pretty epic and often have sound tracks. Frequently I wake up and record them - including the music. If I don t take notes and record songs immediately, then both are lost forever.
For other languages, see resources to learn and or practice algorithms
The job hopping opportunities can t be overstated. It s the BATNA for salary negotiations with employers, so it basically determines what your salary is going to be.
Well, it s like 30 years of research and half of Walter Mischel s entire career!
Also, I think much of the panick arise from the fact that they don t play along with the great american plan , like many other countries do. They are torn in their side, but so far not such a big threat.By the great american plan I mean sharing the same system of government, signing good ol threaties that favor american corporations TPP, PIPA, SOPA, and whatnot . They did a great job spreading democracy in middle east, while mostly Europe ended up taking the heat. I hope they won t start spreading democracy there as well, because pushing it by force didn t seem very effective.
Given that a lot of people feel trapped in an IKEA store, I think that s pretty clear.I have no interest in the game, but I d chip into a legal-defense fund for it.
I don t think there is much point in trying to phrase it in terms of what X has that Y doesn t, such comparisons are fraught will peril and are more indicative of a person s past decisions on what language to take. Better to talk about trade offs. Each language has a trade off that is not a big deal in terms of language capabilities. For Ocaml it is multithreading, for Scala lack of TCO limited inference, for Haskell it s packages and for F it s compatibility with .NET.Those features type classes,structural sub typing you mention as being a problem simply aren t really missed due to other things on offer. While F does not have type classes non erasure has it s advantages to ease that lack you don t really notice it as it turns out that kind of power is pivotal in a handful of cases and for that F has these statically resolved type parameters which do a kind of static duck typing that is good enoughTM. The static overloading is not hit and the static methods are useful the way F implements them makes things simple, not as annoying or cumbersome as in C .Most of the time computation expressions and or simple abstract classes or interfaces with object expressions , occasionally coupled with active patterns are more than good enough for the kind of places type classes might otherwise be used. Personally, I try to make simple choices so that algebraic datatypes and records are all that is needed. I m allergic to fancy code. I mentioned active patterns, they are really quite powerful - at the same level of power as multimethods I have used them to solve an expression problem type thing . I believe that the use of Active Patterns and Quotations in F is more common than in Scala due to choices in where power focus lie. I also find F C interop to be a bit easier than ScalaJava interop for the same reason that C - F objects are basically injective while Java - Scala is only a subset.I also think F is more functional than Scala. Scala is supposed to be something different a successful melding of OOP and functional. And it is the best at that I have seen. It succeeds on this better than the next biggest contender F . F is more typically functional, using the usual Hindley Milner Inference and sharing a core with OCaml but with significant whitespace. So it can be very succinct. Typically functional idioms like algebraic data types, Piping, point free, currying and combinators is more natural to F than Scala s more OOP way.There are a number of things that Scala does naturally that are cumbersome in other languages because of how it manages to meld a powerful combination of orthogonal features. To use Scala as just another functional language is to miss its power. Those who criticize OOP have not used a language that does it right. Abstractly, in a simplified categoric setting, we can consider Abstract types objects as an aproximation as coalgebras and FP algebraic data types as duals of each other. A proper unification of the concepts gives something more flexible than either. I think Scala comes the closest. Sure you can be 100 functional in it, or replicate Java but to call it one or the other is to make the same mistake as to say that light is both a wave and a particle and think you understand what that means.
That s clever, I like it. Not sure if something like this exists for Linux, but using compose keys is standard e.g. to type å, I hit in sequence RightAlt, a, o.
I think this could get a bit cruel in a few ways.- Who measures the performance and how? How is it scaled to compare a contractor for corps and a dev at a tiny startup?- Who decides what s the fault of the employer vs employee? If you re either fired or quit due to terrible mismanagement, why wouldn t you use whatever welfare you can while looking for a new job?- And if you want to get someone out of the country, how do you do that? Where exactly do you send them if they ran out of money and have no support network?
People loved I mean loved! Flickr This is true for me. Flickr was the first web service I paid for, and I still do. It really was a generational leap at the time. Photos were meant to be shared, and they nailed it. Tagging and tag clouds, folksonomy, embeddable badges - these were all fresh back then and they worked well. If only they would have added the ability to tag friends early on, I think it could have taken the place of some social networks.I really do hope flickr becomes the next flickr. I keep putting my photos there, because I like to have them in one place. However, I do have to admit that sharing them on facebook creates much more interaction and fun.
I hope the way software companies make money in the future will change. New taxation will level the field of internet companies with traditional companies, especially those user as product companies, they will need to pay additional tax and their profit margin will decrease.
It wouldn t be the first time a company acquired another to kill competition. That doesn t automatically make it anti-competitive.
Is coerced pedantically correct enough?
Oh it s certainly not for me, no question about it.Yet, it s curious that you compare Slint to LVGL Flutter Electron I don t know about Qt when none of them have this intrusive requirement.--- What s intrusive about it? a Display the AboutSlint widget in an About screen or dialog that is accessible from the top level menu of the Application. b Display the Slint attribution badge on a public webpage, where the binaries of your Application can be downloaded from, in such a way that it can be easily found by any visitor to that page. c You may not remove or alter any license notices including copyright notices, disclaimers of warranty, or limitations of liability contained within the source code form of the Software. d You allow SixtyFPS to use your Application on the website and in advertising materials of SixtyFPS as a reference and to display your logo and trademark for this purpose.---Please don t pretend like a b d aren t big asks by saying you wont even provide attribution?
Don t misconstrue Displayport and Thunderbolt - one is a royalty free standard, the other is crippled Intel only and patent encumbered. Dockport is a VESA standard that adds USB and DC power to DP to compete with Thunderbolt. I have much more interest in using that than some profiteering move on Intels part to achieve vendor lock in to its chipsets by getting end users stuck with Thunderbolt devices.
Yeah, it s much safer to use a language backed by Google, a company known for ruthlessly killing non-core projects after a few years, no matter how much traction they have.
It s dumped it is talking about it in the reddit thread, start there. Those are definitely function like things.
but the thing is A mechanical watch needs to be serviced every five years taken apart, lubricated .A mechanical watch should be serviced about every five years. That doesn t mean they magically stop working if you don t. I have an inherited Omega from the 60s that hasn t been serviced in decades and it still runs and keeps good time.
I believe there is another part to this - Normally if there is a defined amount of PTO which accumulates over time, the company will have to buy it out when the employee leaves. If the PTO is unlimited , nothing accumulates, so there isn t anything to buy out other than any statutory holiday entitlement.
Chess is a primarily mental competition, but players at the top of the world tend to hit their peak at around 35 years old. Players can continue playing at an exceptionally high level until the end of their life, but on average there is a gradual downward slide from that peak. Magnus Carlsen, the current world champ and arguably strongest player of all time, has decided to simply stop defending his title held since 2013 at the age of 31.I think something that tech and chess may have in common as well is the ever-shifting grounds. Electrical engineering of today is not dramatically different than electrical engineering of yesterday. But programming depending on the domain is quite different today than yesterday. This is going to result in an age bias because at some point you start to simply become jaded learning Incremental, overhyped, and not strictly necessary new trendy framework language that nobody will be using in 10 years 2,743.
I m a specialist at full-stack development for startups and new projects--shipping is in my veins. I m only looking for part-time, remote gigs, likely with startups or consultancies, as I currently focus full-time on my existing startup. I also bring a lot of soft skills to the table, including in design, UX, product development, marketing, sales, and so on. Email me and let s have a chat .Location Los Angeles, CARemote YesWilling to relocate NoTechnologies Ruby on Rails 6 years experience , React.js 5 years experience .CV kevin kokev.in
The stock market can support more and bigger IPOs the higher the stock prices are. Companies can also issue more stock offerings as their stock price goes up to get access to that household savings.
But many large companies, like Brendan s, _do_ contribute to large projects that they use. To successfully adopt big pieces of OSS infrastructure, large companies often want some assurance that their bug fixes, performance improvements, and possibly feature additions can be upstreamed without too much pain.It s hard to get brilliant jerks to accept new ideas. It s hard to motivate your engineers to invest deeply in toxic, unfriendly ecosystems. Of course, extreme technical success can outweigh many of these factors, but that s the exception and not the rule.
Been wanting to get my kids into this as they get older, I d expect Lego to do better.
Believe it or not, high income earners in other parts of the world are very happy to pay crazy high taxes. Those countries provide a hell of a lot to their citizens, and the citizens are happy to pay.When you have a 600k per year income, those services aren t necessarily as valuable as they are to someone who makes 60k per year.Seems that I ve upset some people. Have you forgotten that international business does exist?
Great if true, but color me skeptical.Almost anytime there is a story like this, the fine print is that renewables are only cheaper because of government subsidies. Is that the case here?Also, cheaper in some situations e.g. hydro power for purchasers right next to a dam does not mean cheaper when scaled to a whole country. Is that the case here?
Well this isn t against a citizen. Also look at the murders going on in China now.
Wow. Are they basically turning off a large chunk of the internet for Austria? Fixed
You mean 3 4 of the states.
Netflix bought the books in 2021, and this is what we get.
I like being able to search every email I ve archived since 2004 on any device I have to hand.
This approach is not all that new, but it s a clicky headline so it keeps coming back as news organizations cover it again and again. I remember seeing this over a year ago, and before that was well in 2015 as I recall . A quick search shows a lot of coverage last year of Dutch police doing the same thing
I get that, but it really irks my inner academic when he shifts gears this way. Maybe it s a meteorite, maybe it s an alien though... Or maybe it s Elvis flying on the Loch Ness monster. The old quip that it s a small step from the sublime to the ridiculous applies here I think.
what were the big errors made by Bill Clinton s administration that made it worse than any other typical 8-year period in recent US history?His murdering a hundred religious dissidents in their home for starters? Their disproportionate viciousness towards anyone who happened to be in their way, e.g. Billy Dale, or committed lèse-majesté? To get on Obama s IRS shit list you have to engage in political activism and it s a nothing personal, just your group thing, it took way way less for the Clintons. There s lots more, which I m not going to go into, for the simple fact is that I can now relegate the Clinton Crime Family into the ash heap of history.As for FEMA camps et. al., I m talking about the pre-FEMA period when we still pretended to care about our civilian population surviving, my mother was in fact a Civil Defense Block Mother, I still have the metal sign , when re-education was a PRC and Communist Vietnam concept starting in the mid-late 60s Cultural Revolution .And if you think that s all horribly irrelevant nowadays, our current President launched his political career in the home of two of the most notorious of those engaging in the Left s beloved Direct Action, who explicitly planned to liquidate the roughly 10 of of the population they guessed couldn t be re-educated.However, I d say that especially with your takes on current history, we just aren t living in the same reality, and should keep our discussion narrowly focused.Or just put it in the ash heap Hillary and Bill are now in _ , really, at this point what difference does it make?
That seems quite the choice to make learn about group chats or send all your data to Facebook.It seems quite one-sided.
Unifi Dream Router. You must create a account on store.ui.com, then enable pre-release hardware in the menu options.
Useful note for today is that reinstalling Win10 on a device that already has a license is usually very easy - it automatically detects the motherboard serial or whatever and doesn t even ask for anything.
I would argue if the candidate is taking their security light enough that they would submit to such invasive software to be installed on their machine, they should be automatically disqualified but I guessed Amazon has different opinion about it...
Did you read strategy of conflict ? It explains why irrational behaviour is the most optimal strategy sometimes.
People have a good reason to be cynical. At the early horizon of the Internet, people believed utopia was right around the corner. What they found was more income inequality while the biggest payouts in Silicon Valley went to people sucking up more of our information to sell us more ads.So yes, we certainly can do amazing things, but more often than not, someone in the boardroom will eventually ask where s the profit? Just think of Facebook s Open Basics. They could afford to provide the extreme poor with the full internet, but they chose not to, since using Facebook at least would help the company collect more data and sell more ads. That was a deliberate choice.
What makes you say that?There is a big difference in lethality between a cop who practices in the shooting range regularly and the average criminal.
Those might be not necessary 2 threads of one program, but 2 independent programs.
Every time I tried to do anything useful, it crashed, though that could have to do with my high bitrate 4k footage origin. While attempting to use some tools I noticed the quality of the footage was degraded around the actual pixels where masks normally would be. I really just don t think tools like this are ready for mainstream professional use, but that s just my opinion. I still LOVE the idea though, and I hope this company keeps developing it, could be great one day. I HATE working with web-based tools though, wish they just produced a proper application.
He likely did lie, but can you blame him? If you were faced with a question where answering truthfully meant you d be trapped in a hellhole where what little healthcare infrastructure there was had already completely fallen apart, and lying meant access to world-class care... which would you pick?
Are self-driving snow plows realistic, even if just on highways? Would such plows eventually be more affordable, be able to run almost 24 hours a day and mean that more road is cleared? It never snows where I live so plowing or driving on snow is an alien concept to me.
Does lonely operator support safe navigation in case of method calls with params too? obj .foo 1 .bar 2 .zoo
Wonder if it s too late for Patch to pivot... hyperlocal news was their bailiwick, I thought.
There s nothing about source code there.The Wiphone folks have been notoriously evasive when people ask about source code. I m pretty certain it will never see the light of day. I don t blame them for that decision it s the only way to not get cloned out of existence. But I do blame them for not being forthright about it.
Agreed, although the integration with a schematics editor and PCB board design tools seems nice.
Possible? Most Americans spend significantly less than 50k yr. Hell, the median individual income is about 35k.
in australia i believe its a bachelor of education minimum? with some specialisation in the area you want to teach. this alone puts me off entirely. which is probably why i would be a terrible teacher, so system working as it should? who knows.
This is so cool! It s been a while since I d looked at Homecourt 0 , but it looks like they ve expanded quite beyond the shot tracking. Cool that you re competing against Steve Nash hahThis is super neat though, looking forward to following along. Would love to sign up for a newsletter if yas had one. 0
And here s one network of tech co-ops in the UK
they looked much different than their photographYou know, I hear this a lot. One thing I learned early on in dating was to, from someone s photographs, figure out how they look in real life. It s comes down to this Are they hiding something in the photographs? If there are no full-body pictures of them simply standing in front of the camera, you have no idea what they look like until you meet them.
Wikipedia says otherwise On September 8, 2011, the company was acquired by Google for more than 150 million, the 10th largest acquisition by Google as of that date, at the championing of Marissa Mayer, its Vice President of Local, Maps, and Location Services.
SEEKING WORK React Remix React NativeHello! With almost a decade in years of experience, I m a seasoned pro at helping create and launch web and mobile apps from the ground-up.My toolset includes React, Remix, React Native, Firebase, Node.js, and GCP. If you re in need of a dev to hit the ground running on your project, don t hesitate to drop me a line.You can round up more information about me at my website check out my Github at and check out my portfolio at me an email at hi edwardsmoses.com, and let s get to work!
Can you provide an example of an object where this can be felt? I ve touched hundreds of painted electrical enclosures on energized transformers, panels, switchgear, etc and have never noticed this.
That s excellent news! Thanks!
I keep reading about these algorithms that are better than humans . Perfect image recognition, perfect speech recognition, parsing plain text-queries and answering questions, etc, etc. So where are the practical implementations?All the speech recognition engines I ve interacted with so far were awful. Not just bad, awful. Collecting such data sets could be very difficult and prohibitively expensive.Uh, movie subtitles?
You re sure reading a lot into my comment.I actually tried to get this implemented at a startup I worked at a long time ago. We were building a new office and I tried to get the cost of meetings in progress implemented on the digital door signs because half the directors and VPs spent all their time in meetings. It got shot down by the COO because I m sure he would have been embarrassed at the price of our exec groups meetings, but I didn t care.. we spent way to f ing long in meetings and not enough time building things. Many did, from the kids fresh out of art school to the MBAs running go to market.As I said, a lot of staff just don t have a sense of how much things actually cost... but I did, I was partly responsible for making sure hundreds and hundreds of people still had a job a year down the line and, myself and the rest of the over paid exec team included.
I left full time tech work 3 years ago to start farming and overall, my quality of life has increase substantially. Though I often joke that I can t tell if it s the best-worst decision I ve made, or the worst-best decision. After having spent 15 years doing software development, I d encountered a lot of disillusionment along the way and felt that I was always building something ephemeral and that in 9 out of 10 cases, didn t really matter in the bigger picture of life.The biggest adjustment was the income disparity between the two - we re definitely a lot poorer at the bank though rich at the table . That s something we ve gotten used to though. Many of my hobbies and projects now involve building things on the farm that end up eventually being used to produce something we ll sell.I do still supplement the slower winter months with the odd telecommute contract, but the plan is to eventually go all in on farming hopefully by next year .
More fundamentally they ought to go back in time and change it so instead of making the 787 they made a 737 replacement.They did. It was called the 757. But Boeing killed it off about 5-10 years too early.
dead
Would be great to see a working demo of some kind, or screenshots!
I take fish oil pills. I try not to overcomplicate it lol.
The environmentalists got me when I was young. The awareness never left even if it only amounts to taking out the recycling.Some of my favorite places as a child are still my favorite today - the CA Academy of Sciences and the Monterey Bay Aquarium. Those two institutions alone probably have changed Bay Area perceptions of the environment.China should set up institutions like that, both for research and public awareness. There is so much biodiversity in China that we rarely hear about 0 0
I presume you mean Google - were they close partners? I admit I wasn t following Apple at all before iPhone.
cloudflare didn t invent this or make it normal. It s always been common to terminate https in front of your actual server and with re-encrypt to the actual server or very common ... don t.Cloudflare may have made it more common for the most basic kind of site with their easy setup and free tier but at the same time most of those sites probably didn t use https anyway.The reasons this has been done are performance specialized hardware separation of concerns load balancers firewalls needing to decrypt to route enforce policy that doesn t need to imply termination but it often goes hand-in-hand and protecting keys from your app server think of it as like an HSM - if your app server gets compromised you probably don t want the TLS private key to be leaked. Again you could reencrypt with a different key but often this hadn t been done. The threats for last mile network fuckery e.g. consumer ISP are quite different then on the backend. Google has to worry about nation states messing with their networks and so they ve had to reengineer end-to-end encryption within their network. As an end-user you just sort of need to accept that this isn t within your ability to control or know.
traditional idea of marriageOk, I have a question. What exactly do these people think a traditional marriage is? Marriage is always and has always evolved with the times, culture, and societal norms and thinking. It wasn t until recently that we even married for love love marriages or selected our own spouse. Previously, marriages were more like a business transaction. A transfer of property from father to husband. It used to be that a woman s family paid a bride s dowry and we had the concept of bridewealth and coverture. In the UK, it wasn t until the Married Women s Property Act 1870 when a married woman was allowed to own property. Divorce was at a time uncommon, maybe even forbidden, now it is relatively common. Very few people are even going to blink an eye at a divorce. Even 20 years ago, people married much younger. Previously, a child born out of wedlock was called a bastard and avoided at all cost, and had different rights than their legitimate siblings, now close to 50 of births in the US are born to unwed mothers. The shotgun wedding is less common. Step families are common. Interracial marriage?? Illegal in parts of the US until Loving vs. Virgina. 1967!! The court case came out of Mildred Loving and Richard Loving being sentenced to a year in jail for getting married. The original judge said in the verdict Almighty God created the races white, black, yellow, malay and red, and he placed them on separate continents. And but for the interference with his arrangement there would be no cause for such marriages. The fact that he separated the races shows that he did not intend for the races to mix. Even these traditions varied with culture, religion, time, and family. They continue to today. Arranged marriages are common and even the norm in some areas. Today.There is no such thing as a traditional marriage. There never was.
Interesting, I ve had the opposite experience. One of the best managers I ve ever reported to and worked with came from the project. I ve also worked with a few good engineers and scientists from there, too.I suppose this is a reminder of The Law of Small Numbers and sample size importance!
Now I just need to learn After EffectsKinda scares me that After Effects video manipulation tool will be used for web animation.Photoshop all over again?.ps I m in the same boat of having to learn AE. Or at least improve on my basic knowledge of it.
Did they just make some mistake mistakes that led to this, or is it more of a natural decline, with users going to other platforms or quitting social media platforms altogether?Natural generational decline, and it is basically one generational tyrant TikTok dethroning another Facebook . Same thing happened with MySpace. Do you think other social media platforms will experience this decline as well soon or is it more of a facebook only privilege?Every single social media platform will experience a decline of users, especially through new generations. It is not exclusive to Facebook. That s why they are focusing on Instagram instead. Sooner or later Instagram will decline in users. Then on to the next.Either way, the creators always lose as the platform either goes on the public markets or the small creators start to lose money to corporate users businesses jumping on the platform.
Basic income replacing pensions, welfare, healthcare , military, education are the three most expensive government functions.
When I worked there, they had 10k active user accounts and a wealth of systems integrated into Microsoft active directory. The nature of CERN also means that multiple institutes around the world will have to adapt their systems when CERN changes.
Nice little helper function, thank you. What do you think about renaming it to .. ? For me this feels a bit more natural function .. for i in seq 1 1 do cd .. done .. goes up 1 dir .. 2 goes up 2 dirs .. 42 goes up 42 dirs
If I had a feed reading service, I d consider making a blog post just like this, hoping to make it self-fulfilling.
Discover what the companies pain points are. What the customers pain points are. What the blockers are.Is there any elephants in the room being ignored?It s also quite possible they just wanted a feature jock that won t mess things up. Perhaps that s what is actually needed.
Expensive ones
From the FAQ Is Lisp as hard as people say it is?No. Lisp is actually the simplest programming language, and has no syntactic cruft. While it wasn t designed to be easy to learn like Swift, Python, Ruby, or Basic, there is less overall to learn and you will be writing real, useful programs in Lisp sooner than you could with other languages. Is it necessary to put strong subjective statements that have no supporting links or proof? Also, are you seriously saying that Common Lisp is the simplest language? from FAQ Lisp the friendly nickname for Common Lisp
I forgot to mention this Every time I install a new Linux system, I give the factory UI a chance before, inevitably, giving up and switching to MATE. Well, Gnome Shell was actually pretty crisply responsive on this clunker. And it has an app store . And that has Chrome in it. Well well! But that installed a FlatPak. Bloat, bloat, bloat. Luckily Chrome is still directly natively installable as an RPM that actually uses the OS s shared libraries.
It would be great if people writing articles like this I hesitate to call them journalists these days could take the time to provide more context.According to the county dashboard, Alameda County had 2,564 cases on May 20, 2 days after Tesla reopened a population of 1,671,000, that means about 0.15 of Alameda County residents had been diagnosed with covid-19 at that point.So we could reasonably expect 15 cases out of the 10,000 employees at Tesla s factory.Why the breathless article about 2 cases?
What did you refer to when saying js turning into binary ?
I think that it s very important to separate casual sex as we observe it in our culture and casual sex as it could be. All of your points only make sense if we make tons of cultural assumptions.Casual sex in and of itself is obviously neither feminist nor anti-feminist. Even here, it depends if you re talking about an idealized, consistent feminism or the perverted reality of modern feminist thought.
I used to work at Raytheon. The one weird thing about the defense business is how few businesses and they end up making strange alliances.Semiconductor industry is heading this way too
Right, I m just pushing back on the idea that there s anything unconstitutional about McConnell s nomination strategy. I also think the Senate majority is very happy about the strategy it clearly worked!
I think the biggest problem with the Effective Altruism movement is that it has become too tied up with people who like to debate things, especially topics like AI Risk.Optimizing the effectiveness of one s charitable donations is a reasonable goal. Doing basic research to choose efficient and effective charities makes sense. However, there are large parts of the EA community that have gone off the deep end of debating topics like AI Risk. This has given rise to weird situations where EA communities have wasted countless hours debating whether it s better to donate mosquito nets to combat malaria, or to give money to research institutions that are studying the risks of general AI. 2 of the top 3 biggest donations from Open Philanthropy are to study AI risk. The 80,000 hours community has spent years creating podcasts and websites, but it s still difficult to extract actionable information from it. It s all becoming increasingly nebulous, and frustratingly so.
it s pretty crap. it s just new for people.
It s pretty common, and not just in California. Here are some examples from WA.
Technically speaking we already have fusion .The problem is we don t have stable fusion this one will take another 5-6 years.Then we need positive yielding fusion today fusion has negative yield... that s another 5 -10 years at least.Finally we need commercial scale fusion reactor like France did with their Nuclear Reactor massive investment from post war to today in order to make cost and delay acceptable.That would be 2040 at least for industrial nuclear fusion.I have no idea what humanity will look like in that timeframe.
Agreed.Considering the amazing value Github provides for the IT world, I really don t care if they release their code.Isn t it enought that they have revolutionized development workflows, project hosting and made contributing and collaborating so much easiert? to be clear, GH wasn t the first site of it s kind, but the network effect of having one site that that basically every developer uses daily -and be it just via one of the documentation site on GH pages- really was revolutionary
Steve and Larry were extremely close friends in each other s wedding .Trivia Steve Jobs was Ellison s wedding photographer. Ellison trusted no one except Steve when it came to aesthetics.
I d also like to see the timeline of XZ s landlock implementation, I haven t seen that discussed much.
This is awesome! I m excited to see the update! I wish there had been an update to the camera though. It s great I just use it a lot and would love to see how they improved pieces of it!
And it is a serious quality regression IMO. The dictionary is too small and misses messes up a ton of basic words.
My ip address changes on occasion. Also, I checked my demo from work, which had an IP that I didn t recognize right away
I did remote development through Putty sessions using vim tmux for several years. Would have been nice to have something like this.
In general it should just be smashed into smithereens by a thousand hammers, because it can t be trusted with anything important anyway. Can you imagine what would happen if a bank actually trusted a client device and then somebody broke the attestation? That s not how ATMs work. You make a deposit and the funds are not available the same day, and it s not because their computers are too slow.The only thing it s good for is anti-competitive prohibitions on interoperability, which only works if the law makes it illegal for competitors to extract the keys and use them.
No, he s asking for a program, not a proof. The point I m making is that it s possible to fulfill the guys request without solving the halting problem, because you can inteprete his request in ways he did not intend.The request did not include any finite time specification.
It was so surreal and traumatic, it s hard to explain. And I don t usually get repulsed from gore on tv but witnessing it first hand was an entirely different experience.
3-4 years ago this would have been a huge opportunity for an emerging brand. Back then high level execs knew followers mattered but were not themselves on platforms like IG.Now, everyone is aware of this. When doing influencer deals you get their story open rates and swipes. Everyone knows to look at the ratio of comments likes to followers.Kids who do this for their personal IG, certainly, get called out. A guy I used to work with bought around 10,000 followers and boosts all his posts to 500-700 Likes.It s so ... obvious. Like bad plastic surgery.Humans are funny.
The market I was talking about is the academic job market, not the publishing market - the latter of which is very dysfunctional. That said, you re assuming collective action, but researchers are stuck in a prisoner s dilemma where it might be good if all of them boycotted Elsevier and the other traditional publishers , but whoever moves first is penalised. You can t really fault researchers for not being the ones to sacrifice their academic careers and even then some still do so - this article s author being one of them .
Your top comment on HN.What s part am I missing that if we used hash long_key pair emp_key pair protects us if the long term is known by an attacker? Why couldn t the attacker intercept the emp_keys.I m assuming there s no key signing done here.
Or .. don t.Send a mail. If it bounces, ignore that. If someone takes an action based on the content of the mail you sent, the address is valid. I d say this link is bad advice.
I m having similar problems and haven t found any way to resolve it. Even had previously indexed pages start to drop off the index. Ended up putting that project on the back-burner.
You can also use the Last-Modified header to exactly the same affect, so anything that clears out etag memory should clear that out, too.
Generation X and Y had a easy childhood and learnt to be egocentric and only think about themselves. Even philanthropic initiatives are only masks to feed their ego and personal development. Ex voluntourism I m in the frontier between these two generations. I was taught to be like this.I wish I wish I could be like you advise. I can listen my father words in your words. By the way I read your book, great ideas there.
Proxy kpis, like how many tech YouTubers are pivoting to the check my home server you guys , and the popularity of home server desktop hardware on the shopping sites I follow
Do the chat call video call functions rely on Slack or Hangouts? Can it be done standalone?
Messing with the height of someone s seat by pulling it out before a race would ... not be seen very well. A lot of people can tell when it s off by a few millimeters.But yeah, they are doing inspections these days.
What s great about Emily s life as opposed to Marilu Henner is Emily has access to Wikipedia and the rest of the Internet. It ll be interesting to see the limits of her memory in the future. Will she be able to remember every time she gets into those Wikipedia deep dives where you end up spending hours reading about some random topic, following link after link? If so, she really will be a super hero.
Almost certainly true. Also, how accurate are these optical HR sensors?Chest strap monitors are somewhat more accurate than optical monitors it s unclear whether the optical measures are accurate enough to inform health decisions. I can say we ve looked at this at our company and it s a fairly complicated picture...
I don t believe they were actually rate limiting per account regardless. The hacker Set later in the day on Twitter that there was a misunderstanding that the account creation script was related at all to the data scraping. Just that it was actually possible, but unnecessary because they didn t rate limit per account.
I ve had chip-and-signature on credit cards for years here. What changed this year was that the issuing banks shifted liability to the retailers, but only if the retailers don t support at least chip-and-signature.Meanwhile, in April one of my cards reissued and now does chip-and-PIN. I ve been to Europe twice since then and enjoyed, for the first time, being able to use the automated ticket kiosks in train stations.
Pretty sure that s still a live debate, unfortunately.
Generally, getting a wheelchair or similar is a bit of a paper war with the insurance. Once you have it though, the barrier is lower to get a replacement or upgrades.
Great site! I also want to know if a screen is OLED or not, given the battery savings.
Ten years ago my home page showed up on the first page top ten of search results for a Google search for just my first name, or just my last name. I ve never been particular famous there were just no individuals with a web presence, outside of tech. But mostly I just came here to practice using an em dash correctly
There are several licenses which attempt to imitate or facilitate public domain status already, most notably Creative Common s CC0 and the WTFPL
Statistics are subject to manipulation of the definitions. Not saying this is happening here, but for instance, if you put ticky-tack new offenses on the books that are easily enforceable, then the crime _rate_ will plummet while not actually addressing existing problems.We should not take definitions at face value.
EA and Longtermism are not the same thing.
If you don t find our product interesting, well, that s really our problem. I m here to have valid arguments, potentially to convince you of the contrary, I m not here to get attacked for no valid obvious reason.I m still open to have a conversation like normal human beings usually have, so if you have questions related to our crowdfunding campaign, please ask.Vikings exists to further libre software, libre-friendly hardware and improve the existing, locked-up hosting industry that often works against their own users and at the very least don t care for their privacy.
If you run OpenWRT on your router or can there s also a comprehensive adblock package that just works
In this situation, it s best to make it impossible for them to pass until it s safe by riding in the middle of the lane .
Use case for displaying points is that it allows you to get an idea of what percentage of the users on the site agree with the comment. I think that s really valuable. I m often more interested to know what the masses think because it helps you understand the audience.
This could impede our quest to bring about gender equality.No, it should inform our quest to bring about gender equality. We should be hiring people based on who they are as an individual, and not because of their gender or some quota, right? So if it s a fact that gender brings with it a tendency to be better worse at different things, we shouldn t ignore it. Knowing the difference can help us measure when a statistical difference is explainable with gender-related tendencies, and when it s clearly because of discrimination. Trying to force a 50 50 split in cases where gender-related tendencies are significant seems silly to me.edit I do, however, agree that just dismissing something as women are different is bad, because people often fail to take into account what is an inherent chromosomal difference and what is because of stereotypes that people grew up with. So let s distinguish between biases and facts, but facts should not be considered dangerous . It s what we do with the facts that matters.
I say, let your affairs be as two or three, and not a hundred or a thousand instead of a million count half a dozen, and keep your accounts on your thumb nail. I bet Henry David Thoreau would say the same about browser tabs.
I don t think that necessarily follows. People deciding to make a new system with different security would factor that into the cost of the system. It s just as likely to result in fewer systems due to increased cost.
In some instances, most definitely yes! There are areas of the LA basin that are reasonably flat and commuting by bicycle is becoming more popular. In my particular instance it involved going through the Sepulveda Pass elevation 1000ft 300m and back again. Most people would not consider it reasonable to use a bike for that trip 1 the most direct route is the enormous 12-lane 405 freeway which forbids bicycles, 2 indirect routes are windy canyon roads that have drivers screaming through them in Porches at 80mph. Even if you were physically fit enough to make the trip it s still too dangerous.
SMS was a huge mistake, but by far the least of such mistakes. The BIGGEST, IMO, was not allowing you to sign on from multiple devices, and not having a desktop app. If I can only use messaging on one device, it s just about useless to me in this day and age.
It looks like starting a new startup is easier than getting a startup job
Awesome.
a topic I had no idea I was casually interested in wanted to read books about despite the fact that I have no plans to work in this sector, my favorite not sarcastic at all
Most of that contribution has been from China lmaoIn the west, we seem committed to destroying our gains in public health currently. Really incredible times to be living in.
the oldest version of Internet Explorer still in wide usage, IE6, but that s comparing apples and oranges.Which is also the version with the most market share and the most problematic for web development, FF 2.x is only 1.14, I m pretty sure most people focus only on the latest versions for FF Safari.
I also have the same fears as you. I was raised going to the zoo and aquariums a lot when I was young. Although I don t actively participate in anything to help conserve wildlife anything substantial at least I consider myself someone who really cares for wildlife. Although I go to the zoo with my son quite frequently I feel his generation or the next may not appreciate wildlife as a whole.
It is possible to send data along with other data so that it s reaaally hard to find. Also, they don t need to send data all the time, but rather activate this mode on request, say when a person using this browser is a suspect for some reason and govt needs to track his every move on the internet. This would make detecting of such a functionality virtually impossible, because it d be turned off most of the time for most people.
Open source software is appealing because it s free. There is a very low amount of commitment when you download the source for open-source software. You can sort of poke around and come back to it as you please.Open-source hardware requires you to commit money would have mattered more to me when I was a student , and a little more time to really get anything useful out of it. And when all is said and done, it is considerably more difficult to distribute your creation.
When Intel s own i5-9600K is under half the cost with only two fewer cores, or AMD s R7 2700X is very competitive in almost every test, while they might not be the best, they re more cost-effective.
For some, upvotes are their own reward.
It isn t always true that subsidizing something increases its demand and thus its price.I didn t make this claim. Let me repeat ...if you subsidize something more, you are likely to increase demand for it and raise prices further...
Great post. I have been working with JavaScript heavily the last months and I really felt in love with it. I m interested to start such kind of products, but I don t find any viable idea. I m thinking of another Data Grid using jQuery. I already bought jquerygrid.com, anyone has a suggestion if it s a good idea? . Author I would like that you talk to us more about the development and marketing process.
... except in reasonable and justifiable cases where a user has been placed into a so-called walled garden for reasons of abuse, security compromise, account non-payment, new service activation, etc. Their own words
average golf course size according to google 100..190 acres, let s steelman our calculations and go with 200number of golf courses worldwide according to you know who 38,000, let s make it an even 40k20 times 40k 8 milliion acres 3,237,485 hectares according to the FAO, in the year 2013, the world s arable land amounted to 1,407 million hectares, or about 5.4 million square miles let s see 3,237,485 divided by 1,407 million is 0.0023 not roughly 2.3 . not one tenth of 2.3 . not one hundredth of 2.3 . one thousandth of 2.3 ! Evil Big Golf is is taking up potentially a single one thousandth of 2.3 of of the world s arable land, back of an envelope estimateeven if climate collapse were a thing this would do sweet fanny adams to prevent it which it isn t, and we can tell that even you know that it isn t because you wouldn t be calmly suggesting un-serious ideas like this
Though maybe the Lib Dems are a bad example as they ve swung further right and closer to the U.S. conservatives as time goes on.
Various partners have definitely acknowledged that they like the products for developers space. They still fund plenty of gold miners though.
There s the crypto NFT games that generate a lot of money for their creators. Or, generated past tense, lmao.
3 years from now someone s 11 year old kid will be using a technophile uncle s hand me down phone and I ll be asked to repair it when the power connector is worn.A company that creates a device and directly states buy something else if you want to modify this probably didn t make that power connector a replaceable part because it was easier to just affix it with 2cm of glue. It s a fundamental issue with the attitude MOTO is presenting.
They re entirely separate things. Dropbox syncs a local directory on your computer. S3 is a remotely accessible object store.So yes, you can put a git repo in Dropbox if you want. But that s still an altogether different thing than hosting a git repo like you might do with GitHub or Gitlab.
I do use google as my primary as well. This is a fairly new laptop, and while I ve googled quite a bit I ve never done any sort of opting out. Maybe it helps that I m not logged in to my Google account?
The thing is that the original fairy tales are surely not sanitized versions of the ones we know.So if the idea is that we should clean-up the original stories so that they can replace the ones we know now in the future, we re doing a disservice to future people, because we have the oldest ones that have been printed at disposal and should not deprive them of the possibility of reading them, if they want to.The fact that before the press there was no book of fairy tales is irrelevant.The Grimm s are the Grimm s and we should keep printing and reading them as they were intended by the authors.
It isn t that uncommon for bad ideas to take root and influence decision making. And I d say the core thesis of the article is that a bad idea has taken root inconsistencies and gaps in the accusation can be ignored because rape is terrible .That doesn t seem interesting to me. But what is fascinating is considering the difficulties that have to be worked through to organise a rational argument in favour, essentially, of tightening the standards applied to potential rape victims.I ll show my colours and say that after the James Damore business, it wouldn t be a shock if the university fired anyone who made the arguments in this article couched in anything but the most mild terms.
I suppose once you do that there s no telling what you re capable of.
Doctors will also see you after the apppointed time.
Well, think about power. What distinguishes power? One distinguishing factor is that lots of people want it, very few people can actually have it. The people that have it have to protect it, otherwise it will be taken from them. Power in a marketplace, power in a workplace. You have to protect what you have.That s the primary reason behind coded language. You can t just come out and say what you want, because otherwise people will have all kinds of opinions about it. When you have power, what you do with that power is something everybody else is going to be concerned with.
The 160 gigabytes text was linked to the Johnny Mnemonic wikipedia page, so it it possible they re just exaggerating and meant it was growing at a rate we didn t expect or couldn t really sustain ?This got me wondering, I created a Mastodon user defcon.social and my first couple of posts were images, just to test things out and get started with my chosen client - Ivory by Tapbots the creators of Tweetdeck, RIP after tptacek spoke glowingly of it here. Then I realised that by posting those I m basically taking up space on a community service without paying for it, and I wasn t sure exactly what the etiquette was. On a commercial, monetised service like Twitter it s different as there are advertisers or at least there were... but afaik defcon.social is just a non-profit and I d really like not to be a big cost sink.Also I wondered if there s any overhead involved in following users across many different instances - if my defcon.social user follows a bunch of users on various other instances does that place additional burden on their mastodon instance or just on my local client?Might be time for me to read the defcon.social fine print and T Cs I only glanced over it or even about Mastodon ActivityPub generally...
Windows is my main.Windows Explorer has more features than finder.I prefer windows management in windows, mac is fine too, but i like how closing the last window, means quitting.With WSL now, my needs are met when it comes to linux compatibility. YMMVI use both, they are pretty much similar .more similar than not. I could live with both but I prefer windows
actually, it appears that Lion didn t spring for the optional warning indicator feature in the first place.AIUI, there was no optional warning indicator feature at all. The AOA disagree warning should have been a standard feature. Only the indicator of the current AOA was the optional feature.
Not on NSFW subreddits. Unless this changed recently, you have to upload your image elsewhere and then submit the link to NSFW subs
Fun and interesting!A couple of the longer radio form labels are cut off when I view from Firefox mobile
What makes your favorite language higher level ? It looks like syntactic sugar on top of assembly language.It s higher level because it provides abstractions that improve the language s expressiveness.
I would like to see LastPass et al add this to their interface auto-detect max length, allowed characters, etc. it would be for user convenience but they could even phone those characteristics home and start shaming services that employ poor practices.
Tired Legs!Wired Kicking your customers
You want to sell a notepad org-mode mod?
Added this to Mashape left the OAuth part as manual entry . Would you like me to transfer it to you so you can make changes to it in the future? I work for Mashape
1 Level3 has offered to split the cost with the Big5 ISP s of upgrading their infrastructure. 1 This would increase throughput and capacity for both Level3 and the consumer networks.2 Netflix has offered free Open Connect Appliances to all major ISP s. 2 This would allow consumer networks to only download a video once, then serve it up locally within their network to all their customers. In-network traffic is almost free for the ISP s.3 Netflix has offered to change their entire distribution model into a P2P model. 3 This would allow consumer networks to only download a video once, then serve it up locally within their network to all customers. In-network traffic is almost free for ISP s..All of these options have been flat-out refused. The Big5 ISP s are purely after the money. There is no other compromise for them. 1
Depends how much you take. Mild LSD experience your face bends warps or you look incredibly dirty and covered in filth you probably are lol , medium LSD experience you might not see any reflection and think you re invisible, large LSD experience your reflection may be a monster with bugs coming out of it s face, or a cyclops, or somebody who s dead that talks to you and continues to scream at you as you walk out of the room. I never had that experience but other people I knew did, I don t believe in bad trips it s only how you interpret them. Nothing on heavy doses of LSD ever freaked me out the whole experience was always awesome especially the flying falling sensation you get. No matter how stoned I got I always knew in the back of my mind this is just hallucinations so enjoy it.
Cool so you had to make a throwaway account to make your point, very brave. If you see my other posts I am not sucking up to white people or any other people. I call a spade a spade.
Installation of a C extension does not require a compiler on Windows or OS X This is the real advantage.!
Yup, but the Excel error is the soundbite. Anyone can understand it and it makes the authors look ridiculous, which is so much more potent than just being wrong, especially if what you re wrong about is something abstruse that in the end will only get reported as economists disagree . often wondered about this aspect of political discourse. It s not rational, it s symbolic. Yet most of the time when a symbolic soundbite takes off, even though it s wrong or misleading per se, there s still some poetic justice to it. That is, it s rare that such a soundbite is completely unfair usually it turns out to be a metonym for an arguably legitimate criticism. This is a case of that.
But people don t have less money than before. Stagnating doesn t mean going down .
dead
Hey guys!My company is looking for a web developer who is well versed in Wordpress front end and back end, plug ins, customization, PHP and HTML5.If you feel you are applicable, please email me at hr upfizz.com I m accepting international applicants as well.Thanks!- Michelle
Although we re far from figuring out the mind in general, much less specifically to certain individuals, there s growing evidence that minds are a collective of sub-units which vie for conscious attention but are nonetheless active in subconscious even if you don t know it.As an example, one part of your mind could be extremely conditioned to want to please and be with someone who is objectively abusing you and so you think you re having a good time when they do show you attention, while another part of your mind hates them for hurting you. There are countless examples of how different parts of a single mind can be at odds with each other, and depending on when you think deeply about an experience, can both have enjoyed and not enjoyed an experience.It s not unreasonable to think that similar mechanics are at play with more subtle, less social-based mechanics. Food and drugs have a lot of this going on too.
This is exactly what I was thinking. Other alleged government-ordered assassinations have enough plausible deniability that they may indeed be the work of rogue elements. For example, at around the same time that Khashoggi s death became known, Bulgarian journalist Viktoria Marinova was found raped and murdered after she had gone out for a jog. It was immediately suspected to be politically-motivated, as she had recently anchored a news program that looked at EU corruption. A few days ago, a 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of Marinova s rape and murder, and prosecutors do not believe that she was killed for her work 0 .Of course, that doesn t mean she wasn t killed as part of a state plot. But there s not much reason to suspect that over the possibility that she was a random murder victim. For her death to be as scandalous and controversial as Khashoggi s, it would have to have the same evidence of suspicious circumstances. For example, the 21-year-old suspect being an employee of Bulgaria s intelligence agency or military covert forces, and being caught and identified right after her death, but taking 1 weeks to come up with the confession that he randomly murdered her, despite purported audio recordings that suggest that he murdered with political intent. 0
Application development is a blended skill and computer science is not the only discipline involved.CS is a mathematical science, not a liberal arts topic. This author is way off base.
Known as clock-face scheduling .
The new interior looks fantastic and is what I would expect for a car in the future. The only issue is I would have a tough time getting used to that steering wheel, but I m guessing it is designed with autopilot in mind.
Also this older Python package
Don t forget to send offset money to Chagos for the social injustice in the IO domain names.
smaller company anytime. or bigger. just not for google
Which change fixes that?
Real doctors . Are you talking about that breitbart propaganda piece? Even the camera shake was fake.
That would be over 100, right?
looks like Oscar Toledo has kicked off a trend.
Why is he not a virtuoso ? Bcause you said so? And Why cant i have it both ways?And that staement was meant for Bill Gates, but if you were insulted then I guess you re guilty.
at least for websitesWe could start by stopping using these stupid pointless frameworks that provide little functionality but reams of overhead.
So like a mall, but bigger?
Shimers college, a great books college, had a tuition of 21,000 year in 2009 2010 are exclusively small seminars in which students discuss original source material rather than read textbooks. Shimers is also rated among the top liberal arts schools in the country.IE, education involving more attention from teachers can be cheaper than what now the standard in college education. The large university today is essentially a racket which takes undergraduate tuition to pay for the capital expenses building-booms and then tells the undergraduates how lucky they are to be there.
I m a Kansan as well. If you move to some areas of Kansas you don t have to mow at all for half the summer since grass needs water to grow.
Could you expand a bit on that?I m having a hard time making the connection between declining efficiency and there necessarily being something broken about the science.To expand just a bit Scannell seems to be primarily focused on the disease model as the root issue here. This is curious to me. My understanding is that drugs fail primarily in two ways 1 It s ineffective - fails to treat the disease. Which is partially covered by model validity, but also impacted by pharmacokinetics and distribution. Essentially your molecule can work, it just can t get where it needs to go in a high enough concentration to make a difference.2 It s unsafe - your molecule is toxic either acutely or long term.The data 0 I m aware of indicates that these issues occur with roughly equal frequency. My assumptions being failure in Phase 1 trials are an issue of safety, failure in phase 2 can be caused by safety or effectiveness . Which for me calls into question the focus solely on good disease models. 0
Whoah. I wonder if that s what he meant. It s so mind-bending that there s a chance you re right.
Your definition of free speech includes not taking action against truly malicious and slanderous and manipulative people like Alex Jones?And there is no who draws the line argument here, Jones exists miles beyond what is ever ok.
Hate to hear you are having a hard time breathing in to FAANG, if that is what you want. Stick with it, is the only real advice I have. I think there many things that could help. I doubt there are many things that will help. That is, there is likely not a single set of advice that will make a difference. However, sampling all advice is likely to do so.My sample stay social. Find ways to make interviews somewhat interactive. Not just question answer, but probe and explore. Definitive answers exist for some things, absolutely. However, most of those are already in books. Interesting question is how you, specifically you, have engaged in things. And what is an interview, but you engaging with a company?Other than that, you do need to be somewhat quick coding interview style. I don t think there is any getting around that, at the moment.Good luck!
Majority of Europeans haven t left Europe.That s not an apples-to-apples comparison. The US is a country, and Europe is a continent containing almost 50 separate countries. And before anyone says US states are like countries -the states of the US are no more like countries than the states of Germany areOnly 40 of Americans own a passport, compared to 76 of people in the UK -
If you are interested in these questions I think it will be worth it to spend some time and do a bit of research, no?You can look up Peter Singer and Yuval Noah Harari to start with and read what they have written about this. I mention them because they write well and mainly stick to scientifically supported ideas.I haven t decided where I stand on the issues yet, but with a little research it has become apparent that you can have a very healthy diet without any protein form animals.I ve also discovered that more and more philosophers, ethicists, biologists etc, are starting to make the argument that our factory farming of animals may be the the worst crime in human history.
We use it because there is really no good metric to compare the two.
Nope, generals play politics and talk funding. Which is logistics.
I like the concept! My only issue is that I don t know how to pronounce your currency - maybe make it more clear what the verbalization of the symbol is. Otherwise cool site.
The unread count is correct you didn t really _read_ those emails. The problem is that the UI is placing undue emphasis on the number of emails you didn t read that s a pretty irrelevant statistic. Half of the emails I receive don t need to be read just glancing at the subject is enough.Inbox got it right by not showing unread counts and just letting you mark emails as done when they re no longer needed.
I know it s not directly translatable. antenna for everyone wasn t enough. How could buying a copy for x be enough.
I am not dismissing any criticism, just the problematic fact that no one talks about unions except corporate PSAs. There are no institutions or traditions to support labor organizing in the way there once was. Like the idea of joining or forming a union is alien to most Americans. they re too dumb to understand the concept is extremely condescendingThis is a bad faith interpretation of my post. I did not say people are dumb. I believe the opposite working class and middle class people can absolutely understand unions. My point is that there are no movements or institutions to bring awareness or organize people, and so people forget the history of labor organizing in this country. People intuitively get what s wrong, there s just no longer any vocabulary to express it. It s not stupidity, it s a multi-decade effort by capital to erase unions from the public consciousness. People just don t talk about organization anymore, it s a social phenomenon, not an individual one. Take a look at the current situation with police unionsPolice unions are not part of the unionization movement because police are not on the side of workers. Police are tasked with defending property and the owners of property are overwhelmingly capitalists or other relatively wealthy individuals. In fact, many of the most deadly anti-union activities e.g. attacking strikers have been performed by police.
TOML is my true legacy.
Am I correct to assume that you have logged in? An automated setup creates the user account and other objects you need to get started. I admit that actually posting the forms is not the most elegant solution, but a hack. We did it to let you read the full contents of the MePIN Dev Portal without having to fill in any personal information.
The section explaining that Python dev is particularly hard on NixOS hits home.
Good idea. I might want to engage with political content but on my own terms. The way most platforms push rage baiting content to trigger engagement is unhealthy. With that being said most platforms allow you to mute the content you dislike. I have nearly successfully strong armed facebook into showing me cat pics and cat related content only. The past months on reddit, most of the default subs have been becoming casualties of the US election with content pushed in mainstream subs such as pics, music, art. It all feels very artificial and I had to unsub to most of them. Tiring, especially when being a non US person reading English content. I don t care about the latest outrage that will be forgotten in 1 week as the next one comes.
If you haven t read Seeing like a State I think you would find it quite interesting. There was a period where urban planners thought that they could, starting from first principles, design the perfect urban environment. It wasn t just authoritarians doing it, but those were the places most able to continue to execute on a vision and disregard the pushback.
The rough estimates I ve seen are 100k USD in MPK becomes about 85k CAD. But also I think they just don t fill as senior roles in Canada so the upper limit is lower. If you want to make more money, I think it s worth a shot -- if the offer is bad, you don t have to take it.
but probably not in an idiomatic wayThis is the central problem, I think. There are problems which are traditionally solved using different approach, not a Prolog-like, and we re mostly comfortable with this approach unlike with others.A successful general-purpose language has to solve all - or at least all important - problems sufficiently well. In communications to each other we use natural languages, which conveniently allow to omit hard parts if we wish so, so they are rather easily bendable for everything. With precise languages we so far have to either hop paradigms or use clunky detailing. We either need to look to everything through a Prolog or other language lens or keep using a variety of tools.
because it s a perfect symbol of the breakdown our society is experiencing. His life is completely unaffected by the failure of his company, while the employees who were passionate about the mission are left with nothing.
Most land that isn t already a park is privately owned. Most cities can t afford to buy out a forests worth of real estate let alone clear it and replant it.
That s shockingly common with almost all reports of drivers crashing into things. It takes the agency away from the driver and pushes the narrative that accidents happen .From One was an attempt to shape news coverage of car accidents. The National Automobile Chamber of Commerce, an industry group, established a free wire service for newspapers Reporters could send in the basic details of a traffic accident and would get in return a complete article to print the next day. These articles, printed widely, shifted the blame for accidents to pedestrians signaling that following these new laws was important.
If ios is more secure, then there are less exploits. However higher payouts incentivise more researchers to find bugs, leading to more exploits. The free market in action.
You can use simpler types. Instead of messages GPTMessage role GPTMessageRole.SYSTEM, content SYSTEM_PROMPT, , GPTMessage role GPTMessageRole.USER, content Text I love this product. It s the best thing ever! , Try messages system , SYSTEM_PROMPT , user , Text I love this product. It s the best thing ever! Or messages SystemMsg SYSTEM_PROMPT , UserMsg Text I love this product. It s the best thing ever! This is still Python, not Java.
It also happened to me. I was watching some completely unrelated stuff technical stuff when I noticed that a polemical and obviously stupid and dumb right-wing AfD propaganda video showed up high in the recommendation list. I was watching stuff in English, yet BS in German was shown just to be clear that it happened to be German was not the problem, but additional to be puzzling that it was such BS, it was also strange to show me something in a different language . I don t remember what the current news was at that time, but when I then searched for something related to that, that extreme right BS pub talk stuff was all over the place. It was obvious that the recommendations were skewed. I was puzzled. I closed the browser cleared cookies but it remained the same. One video was recommended regardless of how non-political the videos were that I tried to watch. And once I searched for that topic, again, every second video or so was extreme right BS. It took a few days before that video was not shown anymore.Scary. Definitely a problem.
Reading it a day later, I agree, it was unnecessarily strong, and your interpretation is correct. I am attacking the use of the invisible hand to mean greed benefits everyone , a quite common and frustrating, to me abuse of the concept, but you are quite right that the specific use in the book does match the context - that users seeking their own benefit, unwillingly and unaware contribute to the good of the community. I am no longer permitted to edit the comment, but I offer my apology.
Tsk, young people today. No idea of history where history about ten years ago
How about some very convincing androids?
Yes that s right. US courts have ruled that if you buy something, you have the right to resell it regardless of silly agreements like this one. You do have to be careful how you represent trademarks.
Telegram disguises itself as encrypted chat appWhere does it do this?
Whoops, I should refresh pages more often!
Thanks for the great links! Love the aesthetics of noixer.True about the frameworks though. I ve tried react, svelte and vue because why not, but they keep changing, annoyingly. Runes...ffs xD
I tried the top rated Omega 3 from labdoor for 6 months, it s incredibly expensive and I noticed no difference at all from my generic brand. A lot of the lower labdoor scores come from label inaccuracy rather than anything seriously wrong with the actual product.
Years ago I read an article titled Our genes are not us something like that that touched on the problem of cloning a wooly mammoth.As I understand it, the problem is that the same genes can produce a different result. An example of this is the caterpillar and the butterfly - same genes but different expression. External factors can change how the genes are expressed. External factors include when and how long the fetus is exposed to certain chemicals in utero.
Is that not free? Sorry I use twitch purely as a way to do amateur streaming. Apparently I know very little about the viewership features.
Yeah. Since you bring it up... In my country we have this idea of self-governance units in school students elect their president who is responsible for working toward their common interest also each class has an elected president, vice-president and a treasurer. When I was in my school years, those were mostly administrative functions - chores, I d say. But I m observing my former high school now, and in recent year, the election of school-level president turned from a simple voting into real-life politics. Candidates run huge school-wide political campaigns, with posters, meetings, videos and social media activity they lie and make promises they don t fulfill, have huge staffs and engage in political back-stabbing. They mimic the worst parts of democracy. And I really don t think this is progress...
Should and will are two different things. You can never visit your family in your homeland again doesn t win votes, and is slightly less competitive than you ll only ever go on vacation in your local environment. I sort of suspect the answer here, as with all things, isn t command but alternatives. Hydrogen and EV aircraft are nascent. Nuclear air craft exist, and can be built with modern miniature reactors that are entirely safe.The problem is funding goes more towards killing varied brown people than improving technology.
It works similar here in the Netherlands, although they only seem to do the polling during night, so you can use it during the day. The next day you need a new card.
It s using 160mb of ramAnd that is acceptable for a music player ???.
This is starting to veer off track, but I am not overly sympathetic to but your tool is used by bad people arguments in cases where there are reasonable, general uses for the tool. Nobody goes after McDonalds because murderers eat there, too.
They are called VIPs, not whales, in sports-betting worldI worked with it for a while and if I was in a position to leave that industry I would have done it sooner. But I do have to say that at least the sports betting companies I worked on they did try their hardest to follow the law as much as possible.One thing I have to say is that it is abhorrent that betting websites are allowed to advertise at all. It should be threated the same as smoking ads regulations.
Saying that the issue with the model was biased data is like saying the issue with obesity in America is that people eat too much. It s ignoring the broader context of the issue, in favour of a simple answer of well if people ate less McDonald s, there wouldn t be an obesity crisis.
Yes exactly.
Schedule meetings only on those days for the most part to focus on the other days?
Installing in the users homedirectory is not a new feature added by these systems though, its always been possible. If you want to avoid that you have to e.g. mount tmp and home noexec, or use e.g. selinux policies to do the same. This will stop flatpak snappy as well as any other approach for per-user apps.
That kind of variation isn t too surprising to me. The claim that there isn t one at all though I don t really buy.
What is cheaper, more memory or a SublimeText license?
shell scripts that are readable ...are they trolling?
Something tells me you re the kind of person who considers both people who prioritize safety more than you and less than you idiots...
It s not a matter of representativity. It s a matter of measuring a different thing.The article measures shares of reasons between the people that left, but those are not correct by the share of people that left on each subgroup.
EU exporters will have to abide by British regulations without any input if they want to sell products to BritainMarket segmentation applies.At the moment, if you want to sell a product to the west , depending precisely what industry you re in, you need a CE marking for the EU AND b UL or similar approval for the US. That s two sets of certifications, which can share some but not all lab reports. There are then sub-modifications required for the UK left-hand-drive cars, BS1363 plugs, etc.If the UK starts to deviate from that such that CE marking is no longer sufficient, then we re likely to see either manufacturers not bothering or just passing the extra compliance costs on to the customer.This is before you get onto the question of trade in services, such as the UK s major financial services industry. I d argue that the big undemocratic TPP, TTIP, and WTO agreements are more of a sovereignty impairment than the EU, but that s not a view with much traction
the Windows Phone choice is not giving good results for Nokia Nokia s problems have nothing to do with Windows Phone. They re still offering lots of Symbian handsets to compete head to head with iOS, Android, and WP7. A renaissance for the brick format or Symbian was no more likely a year ago than it is today.For me, it s hard to see how betting on a MeeGo app ecosystem would have given them a growing market share over the long term.Android rose because it was cheap and available as an alternative to iOS. Google realized a first mover advantage in the not Apple segment of the market. Now with Motorola Mobility purchase, they have the opportunity to bring more of the profits back in house.I suspect that Google s long term hardware strategy, if they have one, is to go head to head with Nokia in the developing world by deploying the next generation of feature phones and collecting data in rapidly developing markets like Africa.
Well that is what this is so what do we actually want to talk about.
Lisp itself was a basically designed overnight languageRoughly overnight for six years
GPDR missed a massive opportunity to standardize encrypted email. Instead we re now stuck with crappy 3rd party secure mail systems.I have a startup in Denmark, and the incubator we re part of applied for an EU funding scheme. The bureaucracy for these programs is out of control, and there are claims out there that 90 of state innovation funding is blown on administration.Long story short, I had to fill out some timesheets, and because of GDPR print out the sheets filling in everything except the personally identifying information, and then fill the rest of them out with a PEN.
Another big advantage Super easy to backup
As large as the absolute largest models are today, they are still microscopic compared to our brains. A 1.7T param model would only store an actual total of about 850 GB if fully saturated 4 bits of information per weight estimated for bf16 transformers , a lot less than a human brain with 150T synapses running in full analog precision. We need to scale the current gen of models at least another 10-100x to even reach the human level of complexity, something we ll be able to do in the next two decades.And well then there s going beyond just text. Current multimodal models are basically patchwork bullshit, separately trained image audio to text embeddings encoders slapped onto an existing model and hoping it does something neat. Tokenization and samplers are likewise bullshit that s there to compensate for lack of training compute. Once we have enough to be able to brute force it properly with bytes in, bytes out, regardless of data format, the results should be way better.
The content encoding header is meant to be extensible. This is where chrome added sdch and now we re about to get brotli compression in Firefox and chrome. If that release of trendmicro was still in use, people wouldn t be able to visit Google with chrome nor any upcoming site with brotli support.Also, if they didn t like my ps-bzip2 encoding, they could have also stripped it off the clients accept-encoding header, causing the server to not compress the response. But they left it there and just stripped off the content-encoding response header.
Hey, why not IRC?
Great article. We used something very similar to help implement simlarity search at Yahoo a couple years back We were using a indexing strategy called Locally Optimized Product Quantization, which worked great in terms of query times but required a training procedure which made successive inserts fairly inefficient.Thankfully, we have a much wider variety of indexing options these days in addition to powerful vector databases I m glad to see the barrier to entry for semantic image retrieval becoming lower and lower as ML infrastructure matures. EDIT Disclosure I work at Zilliz.
Crazy how firefox uses so much more ram comparatively speaking.
Swappable batteries preclude the large weight savings of a structural battery that is an integral part of the car s chassis.
My app last year pubbud.com never really took off, but I was able to extract the code and productize it here
EHS said No Upside-Down People. Period. Well, they didn t say anything about cows, did they?Hey guys, you re MIT hackers. Involve a cow, will you? Upside-down, if at all possible...
Human labor is a product too, in this context. Credentialing is a consequence of people having to make decisions with limited resources. There is no reality where it will not exist, in some form or another. It existed before Google Apple Facebook, and it will exist after as long as it is advantageous to try and filter what you are buying.
HN mindset I despise clickbait. Misleading, editorialized titles designed to trigger emotional responses? No thank you! Reality this comments section.
honestly your only hope is for aws to spin off from amazonpersonally i throw out every resume i see the work amazon on, indicates a broken mind
I m the author of Polar. An app very similar to both Zotero and Mendeley Mendeley and Zotero are better than Polar for now with bibliography management but I believe we re better at both at document annotation and knowledge management.We re also Open Source and launched on Hacker News a few months back. still rather new so not a lot of people have heard of us yet but moving forward very aggressively.I d also like to thank the Zotero guys for posting their notes about the Mendeley encryption issue.I think this is a completely unacceptable situation and antithetical to what we should expect in the scientific community.The Polar on disk repo is exactly the opposite.We store all your data on disk and your annotations are in JSON format so they re easily hackable.This is part of the design.We MAY add end to end repository encryption at some point but it will be in the users control. We re not doing it to lock the user out or to prevent export.The end to end encryption is so that you can store your repo in the cloud and not have to worry about your data being viewed by anyone other than you.
Tesla s says Full Self-Driving gives access to more advanced driver assistance features but emphasizes all Tesla vehicles require active driver supervision and are not autonomous. It sounds like they should call it advanced driver assistance then. Tesla wants all of the credit and zero of the responsibility of actual FSD.If I sell a pill that increases your lifespan by 1 year I shouldn t get to market it as the immortality pill .
EA had their own reasons besides it being a simpler financial decision. Bernie Stolar said EA wanted to be the sole provider of sports games on the DC, SEGA didn t agree. It is also coming to light that EA had stock in 3Dfx and SEGA did not choose them to power the DC so EA was salty.Square never developed for a SEGA console so that was no blow to SEGA Square not being a developer.
Which Open Source DB does everything that MS Enterprise SQL doesThey shouldn t fear a competitor that does everything they do. They should fear a bunch competitors each doing a set of features a given customer needs.SQL Server is Microsoft s best software product, but why would I even bother with it since both MySQL and PostgreSQL do everything I need from an RDBMS, for a tiny fraction of the TCO and with comparable if not better performance and much better platform support? And why would I even consider it when non-relational datastores are a much better fit for most of my data? It makes sense if you are into Windows, but makes no sense whatsoever if you are not.
Cassandra initial team was lead by Avinash Lakshman who was one of the authors of Amazon s Dynamo. So it s not strange that Cassandra is hugely inspired by Dynamo and vice versa .
I have hired from Upwork and Reddit at both low and high prices. Giving a view from the other side, I think one can command high prices as long as they also do the work upfront to show that they can deliver. As someone trying to get my work done with good quality, the quality crowd tends to thin out pretty quickly. I am always surprised that even after looking at 20 promising profiles, only 1-2 stand out.Biggest way to stand out IMO is to demonstrate polished previous work, with working links. Most developers have screenshots of old de-funct stuff. They do a half assed job of convincing that they have done good work before. IMHO, if you don t have a personal polished website, demonstrating amazing work, you don t deserve to command good prices. Show, don t tell.
It was a deer in the headlights moment. What happened, happened and I am not proud of it. When I heard The CEO wants a photo with you , I was completely pattern interrupted with the current thread of what I was doing talking to whoever it was keyword CEO and keyword you and just System.exit 1 d e.g. left with the PR person . I didn t realize that I d not excused myself properly until after the photo op was done.As a tangent, on the topic of social niceties and navigating a party situation If you ever need to get out of the awkward I ve been talking with this one person and I really want to exit the conversation , you never want to say It was nice meeting you. . What you want to say is this I d like to go meet those people over there. Come with me. This is genius and I learned this from a social genius because it gives the person a choice. If they don t want to go with you, you are golden. If they go with you, you ve developed your own little temporary group of 2.
Market segmentation, premium pricing, signalling, etc. Basically, when your product is good, you can charge more for it. Free is a great price to get exposure, but unnecessary for extraordinary profitability see Kx .
CF schooling Okta
If we re focused on weapons of mass destruction, I prefer a world of nuclear nonproliferation to the opposite. There are relatively few nations that possess nuclear weapons, and we have very few instances of them using those weapons against anyone else.To argue against myself, I d say that the difference between weapons and AI is that AI is more general. It s not just a killing machine. In fact, I hope that killing represents the minority of its use cases.
Don t get me wrong I d love to see the rule book too. Would you trust the rules though? There will always be the mysterious few with the power. I wish we could just have nice things without corruption
Original mailing list post also linked in article
Sure. Unsafe in terms of program correctness. By that measure, new Thread is unsafe.But that s not a reasonable definition of unsafe . This could crash the JVM is a reasonable definition. And fences and ordered instructions cannot.
Holy fuck that triangle renderer hello world example lol
After careful calculations and experiments, the researchers determined the optimal size for the holes drilled through the perforated material, which in their tests was made of polyurethane. 0 Really nice innovation, you need holes of 2.5mm to avoid clogging. The tradeoff is between efficiency and maintenance. 0
I don t know.
Do you really not see any of these as advantages, at all?I can see how they would be an advantage to some, but a detriment to others. I don t find any of these things to be enough of an advantage to outweigh the advantages of having it in browser. You don t use a task bar on your computer?Nope. You would never want to be able to alt-tab to a programming IDE or music player?Having these in browser means 1 less window to keep on the desktop taking up space so I don t need to alt-tab as much. I can see both my IDE and my browser at the same time. .. Atom, more interactive app section ... I don t use Atom or VSCode electron-based editors so this isn t an issue for me. But I can totally see wanting these to be as native as possible, so using them that way makes sense. So I ll 100 concede the point for code editors.For data I use Firefox containers to keep that things compartmentalized sufficiently so there to no need to worry about polluting local data stores.
Serving customers who aren t military or from military families?
It s helpful to add A shows .exe files even if they have hidden system attributes set and maybe B bare format, just the path filenames without all the header footer information .
That makes absolutely zero sense, regardless of how much I d look at it.
That s terrible advice.
Ok got it! So I guess the only way for Google to keep the best performers is to eliminate this cliff by giving RSU and or offering a significant pay increase.Thank you for the explanation
Just like the warning banner that pops up if you search for suicide , perhaps they should post a warning about the dangers of obesity if you search for cheesecake or deep fried snickers bars or ice cream.
If you re stealing their phone, you could probably take their keys too and use the 5 wrench method to obtain their security system PIN.
Yes, all good points. As I think we both seem to be aware of, it really depends on the type of business you re doing. It could be high growth, or slow growth day 1 revenue generating machine, or something in between. It could be primarily virtual, or an older business model with a tech twist.So, depending on your business model and your background, whether you re based in the U.S. or outside of it, both come with their own sets of challenges. I just think more business models have a higher probability of success if the company is based in the U.S. than they would if they were based in SE Asia.From what I ve heard by talking to other tech startups in the area, if you re looking to do a high growth type of startup, that can be difficult in this region and the reason is primarily due to funding. There s a cultural difference in the investors here that boils down to risk aversion. Asian cultures are typically risk averse and this no doubt applies to Asian investors as well. They expect you to already be making money or if you re not making money, then they ll want a sizable stake of equity - sizable enough to make the founders feel like employees rather than owners. One could get investment from firms in the U.S., but I ve not heard of many who have gone that route, and I suspect many investment firms unfamiliarity with Asia could make that a little difficult.Now if you want to talk about bootstrapping, then anything is possible within the limits of your abilities and tolerance.If you re based in Asia but targeting the U.S. market, that s again not an insurmountable obstacle, but you ll need to be able to talk to your customers, and when your customers are based in the U.S., the time difference, distance, and being culturally disconnected can make this difficult at times. Possible yes, but at an extra cost.So again, it really depends on what your business is doing. I think being in the U.S. gives you more options though.
wouldn t be caught dead is pretty strong language to be using when you re only suggesting that compensation isn t as good as it could be, which I d have to disagree with anyway. Outside of SV startup funbux, the salaries, insurance, and retirement benefits I ve seen for public sector postings have been at least competitive with other local business.I think the real issue is the work environment aspect you re talking about. The public sector jobs I ve worked have not been keen to chase resume-padding fads and have generally much preferred sensible and simple solutions to the complicated over-engineering that is commonly fetishized of our industry.Anyway, my point about you being the problem is that you re unwilling to put up with whatever you see as the inadequacies of working for local government. You wouldn t be caught dead doing so, in your own words. You care far more about your own personal wealth enrichment than your community, so is it any wonder you end up with a government that isn t any good?
Cloud infrastructure and costly web services can add up to hundreds of thousands or millions, even for relatively small companies. There will be increasing pressure to minimize these costs, and to replace high-priced services with those that have low total cost of ownership.I m usually a cloud true believer and choose to emphasize letting someone else do the undifferentiated heavy lifting so developers can concentrate on building new features instead of spending extra hours babysitting infrastructure. But, since most software engineers are salaried, this is the time to trade time for money instead of the other way around if your company is struggling.I m fortunate to work at a B2B company where our clients are large health systems so for us it s business as usual. We actually think we will grow.
So alcohol spreads COVID?This always gets me. Isn t it obvious that alcohol consumption is a social activity? Not all of it, but to a large degree. Limiting the consumption seems logical. Of course, you can t assess the impact of individual measures at the moment, as you need a controlled experiment and proper statistics. But is this measure really something to be that upset about?
One of the clearest examples of the publishing problem to me was the shift in meaning of last authors on papers over the course of my career. When I first started, last author meant the person who had contributed the least to the paper in cases where ordering of effort can actually be determined -- often there s genuinely equal contributions . Often this was the senior faculty member, as they did little but sort of read over a paper or maybe supervise someone independently functioning.Over time though the last author came to mean the more senior person and then the person whose idea it really is . So being last went from this thing that no one wanted, to this thing that people would kind of argue over. In the process the more manipulative cases, people would kind of casually say oh I can be last author realizing the gains from that position.It seems when a more junior person is doing all the work and is first author, an unscrupulous senior researcher will claim that it s the idea that counts when that senior researcher is first author, it s ideas are a dime a dozen, it s getting it done that matters.
Same similar working mechanism is built-in into Windows since Vista 1234-5678--abcd.ipv6-literal.net This doesn t even need functioning DNS and can work offline add s for link-local addresses .
I love when the website you land in is the app, with no signup, like tldraw
This looks awesome. My only nitpick is, I will suggest transcription integration with whisper.cpp 1 , which in my simple CPU based tests likely your most user base , works much much faster compared to OpenAI whisper 1
Sure... in the same way that the 3d interface in the original Jurassic park movie is the future of Unix.
The million dollar toilet example doesn t sound like a broken out expense, but instead the exact opposite.
This is super useful and helpful, thanks for writing it up!
Can anyone explain why Google doesn t prevent dynamic code loading on Android? And what in the particular case that can be considered as bad sign?
We don t not live in a 0 risk existence.ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
My point has nothing at all to do with what sucks and what s cool, but with the fact that transitioning to new languages does have a non-trivial cost, for individual organizations as well as to the industry as a whole. Moreover, productivity gains from new languages seem to have plateaued a couple of decades ago except from some niches, such as system programming, that have seen little change in the past 20-30 years . I.e., we no longer see the same productivity boosts as we did going from Assembly - FORTRAN, from FORTRAN - C, or from C - Java and even then, the gains were smaller with each jump . Fred Brooks predicted in the 80s this would happen, and reality has shown even smaller gains than he had predicted. Part of the reason for the growing fragmentation is precisely because no language has stood out as a clear leader.
And of course, hateful is unilaterally defined by your side and may change at any time.
Yes, Primer! Have no idea what happened in that movie, but it was amazing.It really gave a good reproduction of Silicon Valley corporate culture.
Your rephrasing is better. For example, there s no reason to do typeof someVar number ...because typeof always returns a string, by spec 1 1.
By definition, a prenuptial agreement only covers entering into the marriage. Future assets, especially in community property states, usually have to be specifically disclaimed by the other party in the marriage before they can be considered separate property. For example A prenup can t specify that a house bought after marriage is separate property, but the non-owning spouse can voluntarily sign away rights to that property as a recorded instrument. This is why some deeds say John A. Doe, Grantee, a married man as his sole and separate property. Some states allow for property purchased with separate assets to remain separate inside the marriage but the paper trail on this better be meticulous if a divorce ever happens. Editorializing Why would a spouse be no less entitled to reap the rewards generated by the other spouse s start-up? A relationship, especially a marriage, is inherently two people acting as a unit, so just because one spouse didn t sling PHP and research lambdas all night doesn t mean that either spouse s contribution is more or less valuable. If my spouse accomplished something like this, I d be thrilled at the success and genuinely looking forward to our life together with much less time and stress investment from both of us, since that means that I was also picking up a lot more of the home life.
removing the RSS icon
Sorry, this event occurred five days ago, and has been thoroughly discussed here.
Ember A11yWe re making Ember accessible by default.Monthly Goals - Support Ember.js internal upgrade to the new rendering engine. - Adopt dynamically scoped variables to make ember-a11y function. Skills needed Ember.js, Glimmer, AccessibilitySlack A11y Ember A11y Addon MIT
I agree you have no idea it works for you and not for me. Google could be A B testing for all we know.
Regardless of how many CTOs do care, 100 of them should care. The reason they don t is there s no real incentive for them to care. Outing companies who do things like ghost candidates or have shitty, arbitrary interview processes probably isn t going to be enough to get most of them to care. But, some might, which is why I think it should be a regular practice.
Perhaps try to read the article. It s quite explicit about what plans were in effect, and why the four F-22 were left on the ground.
I absolutely agree with you, but here s a hypothesis worth considering What if we re building a society that is so complicated that it just isn t feasible for individuals to make informed decisions about important matters any more?Societies have long accepted that things like medical treatments have to be prescribed by an expert, and some societies have even decided that healthy people can be forced to have medical treatments even against their will i.e. vaccines .My hope is that we are just in a temporary phase, where society has learnt how to transmit information freely but not how to reliably transmit trust. If the reputations of software developers and medical practitioners could be established without corporate or government monopolies, then society might get past this local minimum and into a more stable state.
That s a very valid point. Our problem was solved, this is just another problem. I didn t just focus on a specific city, I chose SF Bay Area- this was because most people who tested this product were interested in meeting elsewhere such as driving to a specific restaurant or location to meet people or attend events within a reasonable driving distance.While I understand that choosing SF may have a lot of competition, most of the advertisers I ve talked to don t have good stats on any of the surrounding cities. I ll look into this and see if there s a better alternative.Your API idea is pretty interesting, I didn t think about using other APIs because our focus was so different.
I m going to have to disagree if you allow for instance a giant like Google Search to operate in your country, you can pretty much say goodbye to competition in the search engine space.
dead
In retrospect, the years following Gnome 3 s release are really what hurt my enthusiasm for linux on the desktop.Prior to that I d had a few different linux systems I started with Gentoo... that was an odyssey and a half and at the time the mainstream-ness of Debian and Ubuntu pushed me into what I perceived to be more hipster RPM distros like Fedora. Well of course Fedora being what it is, they had Gnome 3 and I used it as a daily driver on my Thinkpad X220 doing web dev devops we called it sysadmin back then for an indie marketing firm.Well, Gnome 3 was neat at first, but they made what I felt were several boneheaded decisons such as removing options from menus, removing menus entirely in some cases, gconf, and of course the early 2010s were peak copy whatever the fuck the Freedesktop people are doing without critical thinking so of course systemd featured prominently.Those couple of years of tweaking and fixing systemd problems and finding menu options being removed seemingly every fucking week really killed any enjoyment I had and it s part of the reason I own a mac today. I have better things to do with my time than find workarounds for whatever way Poettering s latest fetish is broken. I m sick of awful battery life, awful track pads, awful suspend-resume, awful external display support, and awful wifi.I m convinced the only people who have good things to say about using linux or BSD for that matter, been there done that, no thanks on a laptop are the kind of people who keep their laptops on the same desk, plugged in to ethernet, and are effectively using a desktop with poor thermals, and I think a large part of the reason why the desktop linux ecosystem is in such a poor state today is because of the choices made by some Freedesktop.org people and aped by the rest of the community back in the late 2000 s and early 2010s.
Yes, but one has to go out of the way to enable normal Linux environment there developer mode, chroot and so on . It should really be easier, and it could provide advanced mode with normal Wayland based DE, without requiring one to jump through hoops for it.
I think this can be partially attributed to A You didnt used to have a workstation at your houseB The machine you had at your house was a completely different platform than say, Solaris machines or terminals mainframes etc.C The UI UX of the work machine and the home machine are now the same -- so its easy to do the home stuff on the work machine now.D Fewer people than ever have a dedicated work machine and do a lot of personal stuff on that work laptop regardless of if they arent supposed to.
Hence the almost
I entirely agree the 2 year timeline is massively unrealistic downside to something being written in a treaty agreement with no intention of it ever being excercised The challenge for me is that soft-brexit is basically no brexit cause EEA access sign-up to the four fundamental freedoms and accept the primacy of EU law, which seems to cover most of the things that the leave campaign wanted to get rid of.As you say this could well be a negotiating tactic though, and no-one will really know until they start the negotiations. I think it s entirely possible that once the details are fleshed out people might seek to change it.
Border reivers were both English and Scottish, and not always particularly concerned about whether their targets were ours or theirs .Sowell probably drew from Albion s Seed by David Hackett Fischer, which argues that US culture arose from four different British subcultures.
Could you elaborate? This would be news to me
Even if it caught 100 , it would not be worth violating the privacy rights of all of the people who are not criminals.Sounds nice, but have you really thought that through? I think you might be surprised what people would be willing to give up to live in a crime-free society.
I m shocked, shocked I tell you.
Similar to most other posters, I have a dotfiles repo, most of it isn t particularly novel, but I have a light wrapper around git that after a successful clone, will add custom identity information to .git config so when I commit, I won t inadvertently use my work author string vs my personal author string when combined with files like cat .gitidentities github.com user name dom111 email dom111 users.noreply.github.com means I don t accidentally leak email addresses etcAlso, not entirely related, but I wrote a small tool to add some animated GIFs to scripts
cool article and all, but in all honesty I was more excited just to hear some more binaural 3d audio. It doesn t pop up too often.
Sure - but then I think that falls squarely on Faebook, not on third partiesYes, I found those Upworthy posts incredibly obnoxious but obviously millions of people disagree as otherwise the posts wouldn t receive the engagement they do.
They might care if it used up their GB allowance offered by their ISPA quick question are data caps on land-lines still used? The last time I saw the X GB monthly was around 2005 I think. There are still some data caps when using cell phone to connect to the Internet, and I don t know how it looks outside of major cities, but personally I last had a connection with data cap more than a decade ago.
Valid question, not sure why you are getting down-voted.It s mostly related to the animations. I.e. scrolling, dragging. This is what makes the experience amazing.But also, it s because every time you do a costly operation, ti freezes the screen and the user loses control. This is a solved problems in so many environment, frustrating that it s not there yet while developing cordova apps.
I might just be really stupid but I read the what and the how a couple of times and I still don t understand. I only inferred from the comments that this is to get through captive portals used in coffee shops by exploiting the fact that they have to to permit HTTP unauthenticated in order for the redirect to the login page to work.But can someone walk me through how never SSL allows me to connect to FB once my browser loads their default page? I feel like I am missing something which is maybe obvious?
Having a quick look at wikipedia, the source of all correct knowledge, citation needed s Would taking too much also have no effect?It s not that it has no effect, it s that the effect it has can stop treating the ADHD at too high a dose, if that makes any sense.
Revising a complex SQL query, so it doesn t do everything in one fail swoop which resulted in 1000x more records to process than necessary. By using sub selects union made the query that took a half minute down to a couple seconds.
Yeah - she was also a first-year employee, SpaceX s eleventh overall. She s got the seniority and the clear long-term established loyalty to be able to say no , something a newly-minted Tesla COO wouldn t necessarily have.
Romans left a lot of writings so you get a detailed history of some periods where other population like the Dacian that did not have writing we get just a few details about them and some of those details are from Roman or Greek writings.
Uh hello? is a titanic error, any new scoop from them must be verified from other sources now for them to be taken seriously.
I do think developers should be grateful and investors and execs as well for their good fortune. And I think it s perfectly fine to ask for market value. Just don t have fit - like a spoiled child - if someone is trying to give you less.
It s not really pronounced Kai, it s Xi.Ξύνω, Ξύστρα, Οξυγόνο, άνοιξε, ξένος, ξηρό, λέξηIt s pronounced ξι, exactly. ξ .Take it from a Greek
I sometimes like to imagine that consciousness is like a slider that rides the line of my existence. The whole line past, present, and future has always and will always exist. The now is just individual awareness of the current frame. Total nonsense I m sure, but it helps me fight existential dread !
That s no star...
Oh wow, hi Bruno so much for Anon84 haha ! Thanks for the reply. Your book sounds much more like what I m looking for. I did not know it has Python code to go along with that s a huge plus for me. Your Substack looks great as well, looking forward to digging into it.
Oh, interesting. I assumed that since they had a specific date and time they went on sale..... that s when you could start claiming them. Kind of doesn t make sense to me. I m no domain mogul though, I just think they re fun to have.
Looks neat, going to give it a try, thanks for posting it. E are you the creator? Outside of this would be nice to be able to monitor live ticks candles on specified ticker.
By saying what exactly? That an unhackable iOS is illegal? That s not currently true and it is the precedent that everyone believes the DOJ would like to set, but that the DOJ keeps denying.
I m surprised that isn t my roommates tumblr page. He s a chef at one of the best resturants here, just had his jaw wired shut after a hit and run. He s been making the most incredible food for himself.
The author is a student, so I think we can give them a pass. Besides, the code gets compiled! It s hardly as if that if statement is contributing to bulking out the executable to 55MB.UWP apps tend to be pretty big, especially when compared to Win32 whatever Explorer is written in. That has very little to do with the author and much to do with the framework.It s a little dispiriting to see this as the top HN comment on a high schooler s project .
Airthings, expensive but just does the job perfectly.
I m assuming that self-driving cars will also perform data collection for the rest of Google s self-driving cars. I could be incorrect about that, but if they do, it won t matter that the current data is from 2005. Alternatively, if Google do need to collect manually, I would assume they will mobilize to do just that. They did it for Street View, a feature that isn t directly linked to revenue. A much more solid business case could be made for doing it for self-driving cars.Humans rely almost solely on vision from a single source counting both eyes as just one source when driving. Autonomous vehicles have far greater potential when it comes to sensors. Google s current vehicles utilize LIDAR and GPS. Tesla s lane following uses cameras, but they get more than one perspective. If it added anything, infrared could be used. There s potential to have tonnes of cameras on the car to get a fuller view. They can triangulate position more effectively by listening out for Wi-Fi and cellular network signals. There s gyroscopes, too. CPUs can calculate exactly how much stopping distance is required in the particular road conditions and adjust speed accordingly. When you think about the sensors and processing capability compared with two human eyes and a brain, it seems to me as though humans are very poorly equipped for dealing with driving in hazardous weather.You re probably right that the current cars struggle under poor weather conditions, but it hardly seems like an unsolvable problem. Once they do function in poor weather conditions, they ll probably do a far better job of it than a human driver would.
Instructions 1. Install llama.cpp from Alternatively, install 2. Go to and search for GGUF. Download and put the model file in the same directory. Then find the example llama.cpp command line and run without the -ngl 35 switch.However, at this point, if your laptop has at least 32 GB of RAM, there is no point in trying anything except Mixtral 8x7b and its fine-tunes. It is fast 4 tokens per second on an 8-core Ryzen without any GPU acceleration - which would not work on integrated Ryzen APUs anyway because they don t have dedicated VRAM and provides answers only slightly worse than ChatGPT 3.5. Its main deficiency is the tendency to forget the initial instruction - for example, when asked to explain a particular SAMBA configuration file, it started OK, but then continued mentioning directives that were not in the file under discussion.
I don t identify as handicapped, but I have RSI issues in my wrists and need a special keyboard to type. When it occasionally breaks and needs repair, I am devastated. When occasionally someone gets the idea to make a joke about it like once someone joked about pouring wine on it - I am not at all amused. My keyboard does feel a sort of limb.
If you want to see Chuck talk about these kinds of things 1x Forth 1 is a great talk from him on these kinds of things. 1
Yeah, I just made a new google account today. It takes about 2 minutes. You need a birth date easily lied about , a phone number it s google, they have your phone number already, no reason to lie where they will send you an 8 digit code for you to confirm, then type in your desired email address and your password. Hardly draconian. Viola, you have a gmail account. You can do more to ensure you re the only one that ever logs into it if you like, but chances are if you re setting this account up for the purpose we re talking about, you re just writing down the email address you set up and then forgetting everything else.I m not sure, are you implying that it is not worth doing this, and you would rather instead just pollute the inboxes of people that happen to know you? If so, would you like to be friends? I d be happy to receive your junk emails if in exchange I can come by your place and just leave my trash in your front yard driveway.
I believe the branch target buffer on modern x86 hardware predicts and preloads indirect calls too. This analysis claims that Core 2 and later chips predict indirect branches quite well
It really doesn t sound complicated to find, unless you just have a handsoff approach to building things and just don t care as long as something comes out on the other end.What makes me wonder however is this 40 min made them look into this? I mean 40 min is crazy long. What builds this long? Chrome, Windows, Linux Kernel on a single core? This should have been raising red flags much earlier. The only explanation I can come up with is that the whole build takes hours anyway, otherwise there is no way you wouldn t notice this sooner.
Thank you! Can u explain further your point on learning a language from different angles? Or in general what is your strategy to remain relevant in tech?
Some were mentioned here but there s lots more if you do a quick search online.
2013 MacBook Air - It went down first with the SW and then the HW. The common ground is easy to see.
In my experience, one can not always buy his her own modem. I was required to rent one for a Comcast Business Class internet account, specifically informed that I could not provide my own modem.
Sic stands for sic erat scriptum thus was it written . It says nothing about spelling, only that the quote has been transcribed exactly as written.
That sounds glorious.I ve had plenty of meetings where 15 min in I have to ask What s the purpose of this meeting? Or at the end of the meeting, Ok who was taking notes? No one?
This is a good approach as it helps you solve a lot within CSS. Want to show the subpages of a selected menu point? Just use a css selector which changes their display state.
Okay, the fact that I got down voted for a completely on topic comment is what I m talking about when I say people downvote just to disagree without commenting themselves. Matt makes no comment on the gameplay factor of WoW and I think for what it s worth, it s a great technical achievement when you look at the amount of math and raw computations required for items, enchantments, leveling, etc. I know this community isn t built around gaming or about gaming, but I thought it was certainly worth pointing out at least in SOME degree that WoW s success could have something to do with the gameplay, or at least since he decided to talk about the social aspect of the game, mention how many people came to WoW after the success of WC3.
If hinton pivots too like Jeremy Howard to cryptocurrencies, we will know a new ai winter is upon us.
ZODB is not a database, nor is it fast.
something is going on Something not very mysterious 2022 Wildlife trade is likely the source of SARS-CoV-2 Asymptomatic animal traders prove positive for SARS virus scary part is that there s every reason to expect this to happen again and again.
Thank god that they decided in 2007 that there isn t a limbus for unbaptised babies anymore.
thats really cool!too bad the linked video is nowhere to be found....
This is awesome. Video production just takes so many hours for each second and I don t think people know how much work it takes until you help out on a shoot.
how many billions of dollars and they still host their blog on a nagware site SMH It s not like moving would be high drama since they already have a custom domain for it
Fixed the username issue.
There are a lot of communities, from Reddit s r crypto to Freenode s crypto channel, which use the crypto shorthand for cryptography have been around for decades and in the past couple of years have been inundated with cryptocurrency obsession.TL DR - The main goal is Get off our lawn.
If this is genuine then your CTO has no business being a CTO.
I would hope 3 years or so. At least in the case of the Nexus 7 being supported in AOSP it is likely community developers will keep it updated after Google drops official support.
Are you basing this comment on Firefox since Quantum? Things have changed dramatically in the past few months.
This points to the sadly much more likely FAA and law enforcement attitude and responses to the advent of rc copters than encouraging the licensing of useful things and tacocopters.
Staying home from work is not free, and the cost of it comes out of my salarySo does every other aspect of caring for people police, fire, education . but I d prefer that negotiation to stay between me and my employerHey that works great if you are one of those people that is invaluable to your company, or can easily negotiate and move into a better job. Do you know how that would go for 99.9 of people? Hey boss, I m pregnant, isn t that great! Can I have 12 months paid off so I can take care of my family? Erm, how about 3 days? Ok I see how this goes, fine how about 2 weeks? No forget it, you re fired. I ll just hire someone who isn t having a baby to replace you. Good luck!
Mirror
my sentence parser is officially buffalo d
I would assume that Google Now-type products work better when they have as much information as possible, and making all chats save by default all the time would be a good way to get much more information from people.IRS, FBI, your divorce lawyer, former business partner s lawyer and the local police department also work better...when they have everything you ve done, where you ve been hello Android! searched for and said all stored and cataloged. If it s stored they ll get it, otherwise there s nothing to get. If you have nothing to hide, you shouldn t be worried and all. s
But surely, in a closed system , they have to make up the difference between tax credits and actual cash outlay somewhere? Bargaining on tax seems inherently unfair, but inevitable when there is no harmonization between states. This is one reason the European Union has laws on state aid.
Find the fastest path to revenue profit. Nothing else will matter if you can accomplish that.Since you d be selling to large organizations the most critical issue is figuring out the sales process, the MVP and what you can charge them. You might want to follow Steve Blank s process for market business model discovery
Name me the important technological innovations in the last 40 years that are not based on or directly linked to, like shotgun genome sequencing computation.
Why did Twitter allow Hang Mike Pence to trend last night?I happened to look at that trend. Nobody that I saw were actually suggesting people do it - they were quoting or referring to what was being said by those at the Capitol, and then commenting on it.I don t see a double standard for those cases, although they did subsequently remove it the trend. Possibly because some people might have been calling for it in the latest tab - not a fun place looking at tweets outside the featured tab...
I would disagree, but only a bit. Businesses generally aren t looking for perfect code.Mostly you don t want that, but there are a few industries where its jackpot. For instance building some state control engine for rockets etc. Also Haskell does not force you to write perfect code, but forces you to write code that is considering all the possible outcomes, so even if you handwave some stuff it will be pretty clear to everyone reading you handwaved some stuff.
This is amazing, how would you categorize this?
This hits home....
Could be construed as illegal to do this user the FTC act.
That s a custom house extension, but I m talking about new construction. Most home builders just build small variations of the same few designs in mass quantities.Once the design is complete, why can t we mass produce the same house reliably and with minimal labor?
I always called these waterfall charts - waterfall plots are something else in my mind and are very useful in examining spectra over time
I was going to make a cynical reply about them not finishing their first project, but this looks FANTASTIC.I guess I m a funder now instead
Illegitimate and not legitimate are not the same words. It s only a double negative if you treat them as such.
I too read the jokes in the article
They can be, but so can a lot of drugs sold at the grocery store. E.g. paracetamol acetaminophen is one of the largest causes of liver damage in the UK. One of the big shifts there has been to restrict size of packaging and require pharmacists to exercise care some will explicitly verbally warn you about the risk .Ultimately I think that we d in many respects do a lot better if it was possible for someone who wants to use things like Adderall for recreational use to go to their doctor and ask for advice and appropriate monitoring and know they won t be refused, than having people randomly taking it without getting proper advice.But I also think another large potential benefit would be for doctors to be able to steer those who insist on using drugs to safer analogs were possible.
Index by symbols. ctags would be a fine start.
Well, he _would_ know.
Hey I enjoyed using this. I think the simplicity is strong.Features that might be valuable might - Add image functionality I suppose you could do this with emojis - Export in further different editable formats - Additional formatting? bolding, bullet points - Multiple paths for option routing? e.g. Alternative routes that we could take?Keep up the great work
Of course its a problem, it means I have fewer minions to assign to various x264 development tasks.
8,000 of them networked in a data center.Back in 2011 it was thought they had a million servers, so 8,000 is easy for them. 0 -
They have a paid API for Stable Diffusion for one thing. I have been using it.Operating a Google Cloud VM with a good GPU continuously is expensive for a bootstrapped startup. Sure, they opened themselves up to competition by making it open source. For example, I have also used Replicate quite a bit.Maybe a lot of their income comes from contracts to fine tune models. For which open source makes things smoother.Overall it seems doubtful that most of these companies will really make back all of the massive investments. But I certainly appreciate their apparently subsidized products.
The design decisions behind Rust are good ones. The ones that matter here are 1. Null references are undesirable. Good decision. 2. Exceptions are undesirable. Arguable, but not bad. 3. There should be some way to optionally return a null result from a function. Reasonable enough. 4. Functional composition is good, allowing one to write h g f a Standard in most languages. 5. Object method syntax is good, allowing one to write a.f .g .h to compose functions. Standard in most languages. 6. Types are determined at compile time. Required for speed. 7. Function overloading based on parameter types is bad.There are unintended consequences of these decisions. The Option wrapper type can have a value of None, which is not a type to which methods can be applied. So, for functions that return Option, the common a.f .g .h form won t work. Workarounds are available, but they re either wordy if let and a couple of extra lines or obscure using a closure as shown in the example .It may be better in such cases to avoid an object-oriented style, and do composition as h g f a . If all the functions take Option inputs and return Option outputs, None can be passed through the chain of functions by having each function return None if the input is None. Because Rust doesn t support function overloading for plain functions, the names have to be unique within the namespace, so you can t have both f a f64 Option and f a Option Option . Although some hack with macros metaprogramming might allow that, by creating wrappers to pass through None.This is getting to be a lot of machinery to do something that comes up frequently.
Yes, it s found a wealth of evidence that there aren t currently alien radio signals being beamed at us. At least, in the directions we ve looked, at the frequencies we ve checked, within our feeble human understanding of what a signal should look like, we haven t seen any signals.That s useful information. But the returns rapidly diminish. The first thirty seconds you use checking to see if your car keys are under the couch is time well spent. But if you re still looking under your couch two hours later... well, it s possible your car keys ain t there.
I was JUST researching whether air ducts should get cleaned from dust, and google results while mixed were mostly pretty good and gave a quality EPA page as result number one -- not a marketing blog. Though the question and answer part of google was mixed with the number two question being answered by saying to have them cleaned every 2 to 3 years, which is crazy. Also, I think this crowd is savvier than most about knowing when a website is just marketing and when to ignore it. But reddit still had much better information than google overall explaining experiences and why you almost certainly don t need them cleaned minus the 3 reasons EPA mentions.
And that s exactly where you loose every average user when trying to convince them to switch from Windows to Linux. I work with Linux every day too but the command line elitism needs to stop.I have made no argument that everyone needs to use the CLI. I like it, and it is a fair criticism of Windows to say that it makes things harder by not having it. That criticism rings true for me and many others. Some other people with different experiences probably think CLI is hard. That s fine. To each their own.The comment I responded to accused the author of being disingenous. I pointed out that 1 technical users are still users and 2 there are things that if you re used to a unix shell are simply an absolute pain to do on windows. The way I see it, the issue here is that you don t know how to use Explorer features, but instead of looking it up and learning how to use it, you re pushing the narrative that somehow it s Explorer s fault for you not bothering to look up such solutions. It not like you were born with the Linux command line in your head. You had to take the time to learn all those commands and practice. Same with Windows and MacOS and other OS. You need to re-learn certain mechanics whenever you switch OS and it s not the OS s fault you refuse to do that and choose to remain stuck wanting everything to work the Linux way.Okay, now do any file with a number at the end?
You re not going to find something for 250k within 2 3 hours of San Francisco.
If the intersection of English and German interests you, this essay beautifully captures how the two intermingle
Sure but it got to almost 20 million before it hit that point, unlike Canadian cities.There s also only been one subway line opened this century.We seemed to do better at facilitating growth last century, particular in the first half. Since then we ve struggled, mostly for political reasons.
I think what we can do tomorrow is lighten regulations on things like how many people are allowed in a hotel room. This could help many people tonight.Next is feeding the homeless, some cities limit how they can be fed.We need to take a close look at these sorts of regulations as soon as possible. Just these two things could make a huge impact.
I agree that Apple is not the only culprit and their competitors should be equally derided, and in fact they often are. The Surface Laptop is the only laptop on ifixit with a repairability score of 0, after all.But it s still pretty clear that Apple should get a lot of flak because they are frequently the first one to market with anti-repair features, they re pioneers in pushing design features that make repair harder, they sell products at a premium price but their first party support is often pretty bad and expensive and they have a lot of mind-share and they use that mind-share to push the electronics are hard to repair myth.When it comes to bad repairability, Apple leads the way and the rest of the manufacturers follow after seeing what Apple can get away with. In general this is true for a lot of user-hostile design. On the flip-side, their position as leader does allow them to push some aspects of the industry forward, but they haven t been doing much of that lately, and when they do it s usually flawed in some way their early push for USB-C comes to mind .So I don t think its unfair for Apple to be the punching bag in this case. They put themselves in that position by grabbing so much mind-share and positioning themselves as leaders to be emulated by their competitors.
Mathematics Burns, Marilyn 1975 I hate Mathematics Book, Little, Brown Books for Young Readers. philosophy, music, molecular biology biochemistry, computer science, visual art, poetry, cognitive science Hofstadter, Douglas R. 1979 Gödel, Escher, Bach - An Eternal Golden Braid. New York, NY Basic Books. GEB Computer Science Abelson, Harold and Gerald Jay Sussmann 1984 Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs. Cambridge, MA MIT Press. SICP Stoll, Clifford 1989 The Cuckoo s Egg. New York, NY Doubleday.Linguistics McCrum, Robert, Robert MacNeil, William Cran 1986 . The Story of English. New York, NY Viking. n a
You d be correct if you hadn t put the word only in your explanation. Money is a motivation, but it s not the only one.
Totally agree. Words only make up part of communication. There are 300 comments on this thread because everyone has their own way of saying this phrase based on how they would be received if they said it at their workplace.
Please don t post unsubstantive comments or name-calling to HN, regardless of how much you dislike someone or something.
This is a really important point to consider. We have already had health teams killed by people in the affected countries out of fear. If we were going to start implementing an effective quarantine and treatment process then we are going to need a large amount of security and enforcement resources to support the health care teams. This is going to have to come from outside as the countries affected don t have the resources.
Ok, there s lots of backlash to this on here but I think the focus is a little wrong.No, it doesn t make sense to use the cost of the manufactured item as a benchmark - it s not completely relevant as has already been pointed out.You could look at it a different way. We are in a very privileged position - I d bet almost everybody here could walk out and buy an ipad right now if they wanted to. The people in these factories are not so lucky.The numbers just give a little perspective to reality of what s going on.
The drones will become the new face of the US in this possible future. They will still hate us, but they will see us less and less as human beings because most people in the affected areas will only ever be dealing with drones.
Not just chrome. Some people use Firefox I tried it, it s promising. I d like a desktop app browser plugin version too, I think. But don t take just my word for it... I m not sure I m a good client for this sort of app e.g. I don t pay for Evernote, just use it within their free limitations
Seems like a pretty wacky thing to do IMO.Maybe the CIA does have some operatives in the Russian aerospace industry. But why would any such operatives risk exposing themselves by sabotaging hardware going to the ISS? Just for a rather contrived plan to make the Russians look incompetent while putting American astronauts at risk too? Surely the CIA can come up with better ways to make the Russians look incompetent without putting carefully established agents at risk. Or they can just do nothing, since the Russians seem to have little trouble displaying ineptitude without any assistance.
For one, losing in a civil trial isn t the same as being subject to criminal penalties, so you can t self-incriminate unless what you re hiding would itself have been a crime - many contractual disputes have no criminal dimension whatsoever and so your liberty isn t at risk.But more to the point, archive.org already has a copy of what you previously made public, and there s no reason to burden them with the expense of manually retrieving it as they re not party to the case, and it would be wasteful of the court s resources and archive.org s time to make them sue you for the expense involved.Here s a more detail breakdown of how the 5th applies in a civil litigation context bottom line is that the 5th can help you stay out of prison, but you can t use it just to avoid losing a dispute.
No because that doesn t solve the problem.
My first time outside North America was Madrid. I loved eating outside at all these restaurants that were on cobblestone roads that saw almost no traffic.But I also didn t enjoy how loud it was at 11pm with there being many patios near my apartment, given I hadn t yet adopted their culture of a later evening.
Apple Engineering Compensation ranges from 150,000 to 450,000 per year including salary, bonus, and stock compensation . 15,000 would be between a week and just over a month of compensation.See
The charity outstepped it s bounds here, if the article is accurate. Organising an event for someone where that person expects a substantial sum to be used in a certain way and then keeping it for yourselves seems pretty terrible.
If they tried with a large enough object I wonder if they could film it going through the slits, like with a high-speed camera. I guess individual molecules can t be photographed without an electron microscope though.
Thanks for your comment! And for the suggestion of sequuntur. My experience thus far does suggest remembering spelling is an issue. Relatedly, I ve registered misspellings sequiters, sequitors, sequitirs and am redirecting those to sequiturs.com.As for other attempts in this space, I ve encountered argüman 0 , TruthMapping 1 , debategraph 2 , and Rationale 3 . I like a lot about those projects, and Sequiturs certainly shares with them the idea that there s enormous room for improvement in the way we discuss ideas online, and that structure is key to that. They all have an important difference with Sequiturs, though, which is their emphasis on mapping. I see the format they use as attempting to generate a sense of what the argument space , so to speak, looks like the format is basically saying, Here are all these different claims someone could make around this topic and here s how they could feed into each other or conflict with each other .By contrast, Sequiturs format emphasizes logical coherence in the series of steps that comprise an argument. It highlights the reasoning that leads from starting point to conclusion. By putting the reasoning in focus, the platform facilitates iterative refinement of an argument into its strongest form. Here s how that works.Suppose I make an argument like Someone could come along as they did today and comment on step 3 That comment on step 3 makes me realize I could word that step better, so I revise the argument emerges from discussion on Sequiturs is an argument for some position boiled down to its essence--to its most digestible, shareable form. If I want to convince you that backdoors are a bad idea, I can send you a link to my argument on Sequiturs, and it s immediately clear what I think you should believe and why. That s not the case with the other, mapping-based tools, because they are more about charting the space of possible points and counterpoints, and less about yielding rigorous sequences of reasoning you could call them proofs or syllogisms, but those terms connote a bit too much formality and strictness for my taste .I d love to know if you know of other attempts in this space. And I d love to know what you think about Sequiturs! 0 1 2 3
One of the big problems with degrowth is this very conflation of many definitions, with advocates unwilling to speak clearly on the matter. I find the entire movement incoherent at best, and completely unconvincing in their style of communication. It appears to use vague definitions and abstractions around very complex and multi factorial issues, and then apply simplistic linear reasoning on top of these leaky abstractions.If I ever meet a degrowth advocate that can speak with nuance and clarity and can respond to questions enough to allow dialogue, I will be very surprised, and pleased.
I remember how clever I felt when I discovered binary search, and how humiliated I was when I discovered that not only had I not been the first person to come up with it, but that it was so obvious pretty much everyone had discovered it independently. -
First off, anxiety sucks and it s more than likely bringing about these negative thoughts.Second, you re experiencing what a lot of people experience in their first month or even months . Especially coming from a freelance role, the team experience will take some getting used to. Changing up your collaboration style will take some time, but ultimately you ll be fine. I was also pretty reclusive when I started at my job.To answer you question about getting better. Reading Code and asking questions is the 1 thing to do. In order to write good code, you need the context surrounding your problem. If you re working for a FAANG company they will hopefully have coherent coding standards which makes reading code easier. Along with reading code, asking questions is perfectly normal for _everyone_. Engaging with other engineers and seeking knowledge is a part of your job description. If you feel you re asking too much, take some notes and document your learnings.Overall, you re going to be fine!
ISIS recruiting seems to live from making things black and white.I think the best course of actin would be to leave ISIS alone from military perspective.Then airdrop food, water and medical supplies to the area. Not discriminating between fighters and civilians. Smother them.Then give the civilians living in that area a way to voice their grievances. So that Muslim people in Egypt and France could feel sympathy for ordinary human beings trapped in that area. How can you treat our fellow Muslims so bad? Now ISIS should be busy stopping people from messaging the outer world. And stopping people from drinking filthy crusader water. They would have to spend their energy enforcing a totalitarian state. It s difficult for them to explain how there is holy war when the enemy is being so nice.
But from a tool perspective both rust and golang support easy static binary creation Honest question As someone who knows C and CMake, what Rust and Go do to make it easier?
I don t really get it.You get it perfectly. They ll try to make any connection they can between what you want and what they want to show you, but they ll just throw it in randomly if they can t.
Even the simplest Google search would answer this for you. But here s a recent example
Why scare quotes though? Professional programmer just means someone who writes software for a living. Software is your profession... there s no doubt what that means , is there??If you do that, you ll have run into this sort of decision very early in your career, and hopefully will understand the best way to handle it, which IMHO just depends on the language because certain features lead to different optimum solutions and the culture around it. But sure, I am happy to discuss fundamental topics like this, that s why I am engaging and asking what others think.
It is more important if you have enough electrical power available.I have 7.5KV in my yard so absolute power is not a problem.Good point about emulating memory and thereby getting away with a smaller PSU. Also need to emulate a disk drive. I have controllers for various drives but no physical drives those are tricky to get working today even if they can be tracked down due to degradation of materials .
that s funny, I loved Shpongle when I was younger but it sounds SUPER dated to me now. Just sounds like the early aughts to meShpongle also just sounds like normal psytrance with added flute, to me, after many hours of listening, and the flute is Raja Ram s addition iirc. I stopped following Posford after Younger Brother - Vaccine came out, though.. never could get into that one, and I always found Hallucinogen to be just like Shpongle but not as good
It s probably not that they re much more expensive to make, but there are much better economies of scale with a 16 9 ratio... the same panels work for TVs too
Meanwhile here in Tokyo my mobile data connection is faster than the wifi running off of my 1 Gb s internet connection...
Thanks! This comment really makes my day!
To be clear, I m just asking for extreme draw distances, higher resolution shadows, and full quality textures. If that would require significant engineering, I stand corrected! I can certainly see how install size would be a concern with textures.I find it difficult to return to games such as Assassin s Creed II because of their muddy textures and low draw distances. These issues feel like something that could have been avoided with just a tad more forward thinking!There are also games like Quantum Break which at least at launch, not sure if it was ever fixed included mandatory upsampling which the user couldn t disable. The reason given was that the game wasn t designed to be playable at native resolution, and no current hardware would be able to run it that way.
This is not correct. There are also placement fees that are paid to put the products on better locations on the shelves etc
For example, it should be really easy to generate training data for a LLM using more-formal systems like Wolfram Alpha not least by having your LLM generate an arbitrary large list of questions for Wolfram Alpha , then take that query and put it into WA, then attach the results to your LLM training set.I don t think this would be really easy. I think you would quickly run into memory limits because the size of arbitrary large would need to be really really large to be enough training data to be able to have enough grounding for arbitrary problems of course there are an infinite number of possible questions for Wolfram Alpha how would you even determine what the right subset are to train on? . At least that s my educated guess.
The Supreme Court case that you re speaking of set no precedent that a business can refuse service due to gender or sexual orientation.They ruled that the Colorado Civil Rights Commission violated the Free Exercise clause of the first amendment by not properly respecting Jack Phillips religious beliefs during their hearings on the matter.That s why everyone was saying that it was a narrow ruling - they did not rule on the wide question, which was about businesses discriminating based on sexual orientation.The ruling can be read here 1 . It s pretty short and easy to read, if you want to know more about the case. 1
The article says that the causes of this stagnation were 1. the deep slump and the weak recovery after the 2008 financial crisis2. a decline in the number of people available for work3. more part-time and temporary working4. a decline in the influence of trade unions
I actually recommended Phind internally at my company about 10 minutes ago. It s the only service I ve used besides ChatGPT-4 that has helped in coding.Really impressive site. Takes a lot for me to use any other coding assistant since I think they re mostly grifters or wastes of time, but Phind is legitimately pretty helpful.Since this reads like a paid comment it isn t, I still don t even pay for Phind yet , I ll elaborate and say what I used Phind for was CUDA-specific and cv2 debugging and code examples that GPT-4-turbo kept shitting the bed on. I suspect that Phind may have better performance when it comes to lower level software development, but I haven t done enough comparisons to truly say.
I ve been accused of this same thing with some of the exams I have given in the past. I ll assume that most instructors probably have. Sometimes the complaints are justified, and sometimes I believe that the students have just not prepared well. Even without mass protests, I will sometimes notice that a significant fraction of students performed poorly on one or more questions sections, and take that as an indication that I have either not covered that unit s material as well as in the past, or that I have asked the question s in a way that was unclear. I can t say whether or not this exam was fair, but I can say that if 90 of students make similar complaints, that I would have to take a hard look at the way I had managed the course prior to the exam.
The re-surfacing behaviour of making others feel excluded for not sharing a belief can t help but make me wonder if it s all that different from religious zealotry in one s interpretations, preferences and opinions of how to solve a problem being superior to others.Users are usually far removed from the end solution enough that the choice in framework or language rarely impacts their ability to use a web browser or mobile interface without having to imagine what s under the hood.It s not until we remember what we feel is current and appropriate today will be just as outdated in a short time. Our work is to solve problems, not to bash others into doing it one particular way.
How do Chromebooks fare on this? I would naively assume Google forces some quality and conformance testing for Chromebook vendors, so they should at least have a basic GPU stack working.
Not sure if there s case law specifically on this point, thus the hedging from the author with can very possibly . The Supreme Court has ruled that when in custody, it s not enough to simply remain silent you must invoke the right. And, it s not an invocation that s valid indefinitely. They can try to interview you again after a reasonable amount of time has passed, so you may need to invoke your right to remain silent every 24 hours.
Thanks. I think it ll take some time for people to get used to the robots, but Cisco makes billions on video conferencing in business environment.
Fallout New Vegas and 4, on Linux
I d love to know how this works behind the scenes.In the article, a file called chello.c and a file called gohello.go are created - do the filenames have any significance? How does the go compiler and linker know what to do here?
According to internet, it was probably a printer.
Include a button showing Trends
The AND? is you said corporations don t give you creative freedom , but talked about crossing its boundaries of the one project you ve been assigned .The freedom of creative freedom usually means the freedom to be creative in you projects. Not having to focus on one particular project is a different thing. Even in a startup, which might be less silo-ed, actions on individual tasks needn t allow more creativity than in a large corporation.For example, I might have to leave infrastructure up to another team, rather than building it myself, but that doesn t mean I can t be creative in the work I am assigned, it just has to be focused on that assigned task.
Does that mean that suggestions like that should maybe be sent by email, with multiple important people CCd?
The Nautilus Dev Team responded to requests we heard from the dev community around Docker Compose so we developed Nautilus.Docker Compose serves as a convenient tool for software engineers developing a microservice-based application. Yet, we heard from various developer friends of ours, one who works for the government on the Medicare website, that as the app grows in complexity, the number of containers, connections and container data can become complicated to track and conceptualize.To address this need, we created Nautilus, an Electron application, that charts out the containers, network connections, port maps and volumes bind-mounts in a Compose microservice application. No longer will developers need to hold the map of their network in their heads or on a piece of paper. Nautilus will navigate them through rough waters.
The challenge here is at what point in your life is one making the gamble to live in the US vs Western Europe?If I had to pick one or the other to be born in, but knew that I would be born randomly within each of these societies, I d certainly choose Western Europe because the risk of being born very poor in the US is just too high to take.But! Of course, that isn t a real decision that one can make. The actual decision, for people on HN in particular, is the following you know that you re a highly qualified person with in-demand skills, you also know whether you have a crippling disability and many other things about your life. Those things being known, the decision is much less of a gamble because you know which of the social categories you will slot into in the US.It is also true that Western Europeans always retain the option of return to their countries of origin. If they become destitute and unable to work, they are able to access the downside protections they would have had at home at the cost of moving back. In practice their may be some transitional challenge because eligibility depends on both residency and citizenship but fundamentally a citizen of France or The Netherlands who becomes unable to work in the US and has exhausted their US resources and entitlements can hit the panic button and will not be allowed to starve once returned home.
My input It has some abilities in other languages too, including Result C C , Fortran, Java and Ruby. The benchmark was of course It has some abilities in other languages too, including computer languages. .What is interesting for me is that it picked up languages in this context, maybe from the word ability, as a computer language and not a spoken one.
Reddit would have been fine if they didn t make the UX as god awful as possible on a mobile browser. The day they cut off the old. subdomain I think they ll be in for a surprise.
Google has only two billion-dollar businesses Adwords and Adsense.Even a cursory reading of any of Google s earnings statements disproves your first sentence.
Can I use the same database to pull from multiple sources? AndDoes datasette provide tools to make it easier to do joins on data from different sources?
tarsnap
Then you d especially love Alan s talk!
Your comments on this post are a great demonstration of the attitude that is driving me off Google properties, as quickly as I can find viable replacements.
I think if he didn t know why, he would wait to find out what the story was.Instead he knew enough to make is call immediately, knew what he was going to do.
Meanwhile in China local governments even install surveillance cameras on the top of 3900 metres mountain than ethical problems cameras cause urban planing and aestheticcal problems.
That makes me sad.I go back to my cave now.
Maybe it s not that lisp makes any programmer more productive, but that it offers the anecdotal order of magnitude more productive programmer features that Java, being designed for the interchangeable cog programmer, does not.
Why is this downvoted? Would the author not like to know if a commenter purchased his work?
Compact ! clutteredI like things dense for better use of monitor space, be it Gmail or Reddit. All that dead space is wasted space, minimalism or not.
I m not attached to meat. I m attached to me and mine. I feel like there s an important distinction there.
There was an unparalleled global knee-jerk and the sort of global coordinated economic reorganisation we ve never seen before in the entirety of history. The politics of the situation are still roiling under tensions and stresses that haven t been seen in decades. A vaccine has been rolled out roughly a quarter of the worlds population in 18 months. Vastly more efforts are hurtling through the economic system as humanity reorients its social and technological bearings. Never before has there been such a bleak future for the humble coronavirus.The situation is neither pro- nor anti- our ability to organise at a mass level. This has been a remarkable 2 years to be alive and we ve seen a level of urgent response that has never been achieved before, ever. With 3 years to prepare, anything is possible for this Kessler business.
What did you understand from the matrix?
It doesn t matter if they show responsibly disclosed all their repos are publicly available to see, it takes one person looking through commits then going wtf is this followed by a quick look at the code and a blog post to make this a wildfire.
He missed the mark too, throwing shade on RoR today almost everyone on this site depends on a mission critical RoR app GitHub that has scaled just fine I m aware parts of GitHub are no longer ruby
In addition to them being both of those things, they are also, so far as I can tell which is incomplete because of the lack of an index , missing documentation for most functions. If you click through to some of the other documentation for parts of Oil, you ll see that they re mostly written in a blog post style, with the intent of giving a reader a brief tour of a couple of features, while leaving everything else completely undocumented.For an example of good documentation, look at the docs for the Python OS module. 1 You ll see that every single function in the OS module is listed, on order, with clarifications on its usage, what values it returns, what arguments it needs, and gives clarifying examples where needed.For a project that s much younger than Python though by no means new , you don t expect quite as much. But to compare the page documenting the command language 404s 2 , the help file that I believe ships with osh documents a few commands but has huge missing gaps and doesn t mention min and max at all 3 , and the page on strings has more of a theoretical discussion on strings than practical documentation and has major sections labeled todo 4 . 1
For what it s worth, I work in retail, and the average iPhone iPad-using customer staff member believes their devices run better when they manually kill apps. I also see quite a few iPhone customers who literally kill every app they use as soon as they finish using it.
The irony is that CopperheadOS officially only runs on... Google Pixel devices. Yes, Google Pixel devices.If you use something like microG, all it is is a FOSS implementation of Google Play Services. You re still using Google.I d like to see Nextcloud become a drop-in replacement for Google Play Services. They already got Contacts, Photo and Storage support just needs things such as a distributed Play Store and a Search Engine SearX? .
I m playing snake... in a Windows defragmenter, in JavaScript. I m lost for words.
When the actual behaviour of software diverges from its expected behaviour we call it a bug. The reason we have bugs is that we humans are very bad at reasoning about the expected behaviour and projecting the actual behaviour of a computer program, and that is because of the humongous complexity that is involved.Unbounded complexity is a distinct trait of software. The most important, most regulated and most prestigious software engineering tasks are hands down mostly about doing relatively simple things but controlling complexity. To a lesser degree, when writing code every programmer is actually working to control complexity.Once things get complex then nobody, not even the brightest brain, can get anything done anymore. So the first priority is to actually avoid too much complexity and to reduce it further will cost time and money.This means we can do simple things well if we want to. We do this for narrowly scoped projects such as aviation-grade software, rocketry and medical software et cetera. It costs, and we can do it, but that s only because we already slashed out most complexity out of the window before we even started. Instead of general-purpose software we re writing very specific-purpose software.Using the same principle but working on top of abstractions we can do complex things well in software, too. But those always come with a caveat about when and where the abstraction might fail. Most software is like this but that is also the sort of software which is no longer bridge-building grade. We don t build bridges whose design is theoretically sound given a few hasty assumptions, but with the possibility that when those assumptions might fail the bridge would come down. Certified software engineering can t fix that because they would have to start from the ground up to cover all their bases and then they couldn t get very high from there.Certification is no silver bullet. Complexity is already managed where absolutely necessary and where there is the money to back it up. Requiring a certified engineer with legal responsibility in the general case would just make most software development stop entirely because anyone with the slightest understanding of programming would never sign off the software we currently want to run, and writing properly engineered software to handle what we currently want to run would be just prohibitively expensive.
If you use uBlock Origin and you should! , it can be configured to work in a similar way. NoScript does have some extra features though.
Just got AirPods 3 and pro to try out and I have not had it just fall out that way with either.I have fumbled with the 3s while trying to remove them while walking. I think it s the stem and how light they are.
I also despair that it s used as a beginner language. There are so many better options. I even include Java in that list.So why is it used? As it has a fantastic eco-system for applied statistics machine learning various math things. If you re teaching an introduction to programming then it s a very effective language.That and once people progress it s decent - much prefer the code written in Python by competent developers to that written in Java or even Go. It also sets people up to use more robust languages such as C or for those with a Math background Haskell.
Besides not getting any users, you re also not able to offer products anyone wants. Current US regulated exchanges are just money onramps with a fraction of the volume profit seen in the rest of crypto.Also keep in mind that currently crypto is a lot bigger outside of the US, most of Asia don t want to deal touch things close to US regulators. Eg. it s why Tether is so much bigger than things like USDC as they actively fight against US regulators in court to protect users .
Does a 14 Day FreeStyle Libre cost 130ish per month, or is 130ish a one time fee that one can use 14 Day FreeStyle Libre forever afterwards?
you do realize iran is trying to get the maximum influence by destabilizing its neighbours such a lebanon and yemen , in a region crippled by war for centuries, while at the same time oppressing its own people and women in particular ?i really don t think europe should go to economical war against the US to save this regime s ss and sell them a few cars. Note that my reasoning would be absolutely identical if US decided to do the same with saudi arabia...
Incredible amounts of money?
eg calling the save function multiple times just to be sure Who else does this for apps with a UI?
Having drivers for my hardware broken corrupted because Windows thinks it knows better, is another.Never had that happen though. Ever. WHQL drivers in Windows repos are usually bulletproof which is why they re usually a bit older. It s only when you go and manually install other non-WHQL drivers, that you might run into issues from the lack of testing.Not saying it couldn t have ever happened to you or anyone else an account of the millions of permutations of possible hardware combinations, but in my experience I never had driver issues from auto-updates since Windows 7 on a variety of desktops and laptops.
I see what you mean. I just think that s so different in every trade, and the control part that is consistent at all are the extreme ones... the power dynamics I guess? Everything else is just making decisions in response to particulars anything under the sun.
Not so arbitrary really as there are 7 planets visible to the naked eye. Well, 5 planets and 2 lights to be precise but each day is named after one of these. The reason we don t get all this is that we re so out of touch with planetary cycles. We obsess over micro-measurements on terminals with ever more powerful technology yet can t see what is right under our noses.
Did you mean to link to an article?
Because only the rich drive alot.
I ve never used it, but contactless payment from a watch seems like it would be an improvement over retriving a card from my wallet to make a contactless payment.
I don t think music is a dying art form, but the age of larger alternative music having a look-in versus the lowest-common-denominator dross on the radio is definitely on its way out.
Seems a rather poor cultural fit, to say the least.
Where is the 50k family sedan they promised?Now that would be a game changer, the Roadster is just a playtoy.
As a US national, I trust China to spy on me far more than the US government.China couldn t kidnap me - they d get huge political repercussions from the US. China kidnapping me on US soil would be very risky for them too.On the other hand, the US could totally imprison me on bogus charges constructed from spy data.If I was a Chinese national living in China, all of the above would reverse.
I might have missed that part of the bill, do you have a quote?
but a comparable place is actually not that comparableI can agree with this. I mean like you say though, its a location premium. All things being equal, a beach house will cost more than a normal house. All things being equal, 1000sqft in the city will be more than 1000sqft out of the city. To some, being able to walk to a restaurant is priceless. Other s could care less. At the end of the day, there s a premium for proximity.
src
I would actually love solutions like these. But sadly oftentimes they are not put into place even when the residents fight for it. Additionally the costs of such measures are afterwards invoiced to the residents in most municipalities as they are allowed to have the residents pay for work on the infrastructure.I remember my father and our whole street fighting including a court case against the city because they wanted to rebuild the street at the bottleneck there was a mud path connecting our street to another one leading to the highway. The neighbors feared a massive traffic increase and rightly so .They lost. The city connected the residential area with the other street. And to add insult to injury afterwards all residents had to cover the costs of this measure.
After the Schmidt Android thing I think the Apple leadership basically assumed Google would screw them over sooner or later if they could.That s a level of moralizing that isn t really appropriate for analyzing decisions like this. It s equally true, and for essentially the same reasons, that Android as a whole exists because the Google leadership basically assumed Apple would screw them over sooner or later if they could.Businesses compete, basically. It s a good thing and the efficiencies that result make us all wealthier. It s only screwing someone over in the myopic eyes of the internet fan boi.
No, ask them for the workaround we mean.
It was founded by Aaron Swartz. It played a big role in the fight against SOPA PIPA. That s all I know about it.
I find this a bit hard to believe.....how might we know the truth though?
Nuclear power is nothing that can be trusted with private companies, the long term nature is directly incompatible with an entity that can go bankrupt and die . Renewables connected with battery pumped hydrogen storage is by far our best bet.
Are you looking to offer SSO to users of your SAAS app? Firebase does support SAML Microsoft Azure AD and JumpCloud have free plans you can use for testing.
I achieved this by disabling almost all notifications. There is only instant messaging, calendar events and bank transactions
For voice generation, or voice cloning?For voice generation there are many. For voice cloning, most are much worse they require much more sample data . Play.ht is decent but requires 2-3 hours of sample instead of 5 minutes.
should use FUSE!
Much has already been said about this, but this achievement of shipping a MBP that pro users seem to love is a triumph of user feedback over design purity. I suspect that Jony Ives departure may have facilitated this. I suspect it will be a breakout success and I aspire to contribute to their sales figures some day. Of all of Apple s revenue streams I know their pro products are now merely an afterthought, but they remain an important part of the brand s ethos and I m delighted to see them shipping a truly superior product again.
Yeah, this is kind of a serious problem. People want to use popular, or at least well-advertised platforms. People also don t want to pay any money if they can help it. So we end up with advertising-funded spy-clouds and addiction-funded IAPs as dominant business models.What I d like to see, and hardly anyone is talking about, is the cooperative model for this. Servers run by a community of interest paid staff to manage the things which really require central clearing anti-spam and anti-abuse in particular and develop the system users paying on an ongoing basis and being given a voice and a vote in the way the system is run. Federation with similar systems.Bits of this exist already, but only on a very small scale and with the political organisational infrastructure - basically individuals running Minecraft servers and the like.I suppose I could gather thousands of recruits for something like this if I said blockchain a lot, but in truth it s the opposite a system that requires users to trust individual other humans.
I don t get the controversy. I don t see this as being about making everyone into a professional programmer, no more than having every student take music class will make them a professional musician. I believe it is more about the ancillary benefits in opening up new ways of problem solving, and having some rudimentary awareness of the inner workings of a world that one might otherwise never have the chance to explore.Some students will catch the bug and tear off on their own journey of independent learning and discovery and create great things. But for most it will just be a new dimension of a full and well-rounded primary education. The problem is that the current generation of educators and schools are largely wholly unequipped to do this, so we have to step up and help out.I ran an after school Tech Club for a couple of years at my kids K-8 school. This year the administration asked me to bring it into the classroom and I am teaching 100 of the students in grades 6 - 8 basic programming with Scratch. It is just one 45 minute class per week, with each grade getting the class for one trimester 12 - 13 weeks . You can t do a whole lot in this time, but you can definitely do something, a whole lot more than the school was doing with technology before.
I see you re coming from a good place. I just think taking away voice amplifiers smashing the printing press, so to speak hasn t turned out well in the past, and I don t see a strong enough reason to start doing that now.
This is Walt Mossberg. Shut up! I miss Walt Mosspuppet. The videos were very funny. I wish the guy would do more.
Any profit or income?
Chopping up the future and selling it to rich people is a brilliant way to obtain decentralized skin-in-the-game capital allocation decisions. But then the future arrives and it belongs to rich people whose only goal is to squeeeeeezzzzzeee.Capitalism is good at avoiding boondoggles but it s a sucker for asset pumps. We don t have to pay heavy taxes to support a gigantic network of high-speed trains to nowhere but we do have to pay monopoly rents on land, two-sided markets, Metcalfe-law networks, and so on.
Can they write around the time jump? Is it that critical to the story?
it doesn t apply
They used to moderate, but they moderated very heavily. Mostly by deciding what to publish on, and how to edit what they themselves publish. Heck, that isn t even moderation. Instead, its picked a context and a set of values against which to determine what is true.User generated content moderation probably should include the step of picking a context and a set of values but it is a lot more than that. I can very easily see why someone who is great as an editor is horrible at user generated content moderation.My point was that we used to have an easy way to pick and switch the context and values against which the media we consume are evaluated. But these days, 90 of people use the same set as chosen by FAANG and really, this context and values story is not part of media choice, nor is it a large part of media identity. In fact, I believe google and twitter try really hard to not identify as choosing what is true.
could apple then sue them back because they re talking about something that is still under nda?
I really don t agree. The jokes I read them are not offensive. Even Github sells I really dislike the Python Goons for kicking those guys out.It would be one thing if they said something about gender or racial stuff that actually targets people.I can fork both genders, especially if one of them has a big dongle, so forking as a joke, is gender-free.But this was just fucked up. I am glad she got fired. People like that are jaded and will be difficult to be around. I would not want to be around someone I need to tip toe around.Dongles für alle!
I spent a little time searching for evidence of people getting in trouble for running an open WiFi AP that someone else used for illegal activity. Didn t find anything.Possibly relevant to your question.
I never argued against going after monopolies.
Uni Systems Greece INTERNSHIP technology innovation team is looking for a motivated intern to help with systems analysis and documentation with a focus on infrastructure and middleware. Remote or hybrid, presence might be required for on-boarding.
Exactly.To add, nothing prevents from allocating pages from random addresses to get protection similar to ASLR.It can actually be harder to attack dynamically generated code, because instruction offsets and instructions used will vary from application invocation to another. You could even do intentional variations to ensure no relative instruction offsets are deterministic. So dynamically generated code can have not only have random address ASLR but also random relative offsets. Obviously statically compiled code must have those offsets static, known by the attacker.ASLR just means you don t necessarily know where. But once the attacker knows where or has some clever trick so it doesn t matter, it s game over. Unfortunately the creativity of attackers getting around ASLR seems to be endless.
Absolutely!There s a great visualisation of his line here
I m testing out a strange setup that is working surprisingly well I have a beefy desktop 64GB RAM and 32 cores. Then I carry an Intel Compute Stick, portable laptop and mouse with me. I just plug into any HDMI monitor to do basic work, or RDP TeamViewer into my desktop for real work. Surprising how well this is working...
I think Leo de Moura was at Microsoft at the time when he was developing the Lean proof assistant. He once commented that he was fairly sure the CEO did not know the language existed or that it was being developed within MS. I found that pretty funny, and probably entirely accurate!
The sad thing is we pay more for electricity if it is generated by wind power, because of a green tax
Hi Brad. After letting users post for free during beta testing, we decided to charge one DreamCoin per submission to filter out spam and hopefully to improve the quality of the content.After you join, you may view dreams that have a value of zero for free. You also start with one DreamCoin, so you can submit one dream for free essentially. If people like it, you ll accumulate coins that can be used to view other entries. DreamCoins are also given to users as a gift at random times, so that s another way to do it.
The one plausible thing I found in Ministry for the Future was a country in a large scale heat crisis, India, putting a lot more pollution in the air to short term delay the warming trend over India.
Are people writing new non-Jenkins Groovy code in 2018? What s the use case? Legitimately curious. My experience with Groovy is always frustration and I liken it to the Coffeescript of Java.
Nice job on the self learning part. Not sure about interrupting my video viewing experience. Maybe have that option at the end of the video or pop up subtly in the middle somewhere.
Fell beast is a phrase J. R. R Tolkien used in The Lord of the Rings 1 , probably owing to his study of medieval literature. The more current usage may have stemmed from reading his works. 1
This is an interesting idea. I see two limitations and I m curious how they could be overcome 1. The peers must communicate to decide in advance which intervals to use. If those communications are encrypted with the shared stream using previously exchanged intervals, then the security of each session depends on the previous session. Breaking one session also breaks all future sessions.2. Attackers can capture and save samples of the random bit stream and test intercepted communications against those samples. They won t get all of the victim communications, but they will get some. Combined with the chaining problem above, this could let them eventually crack all established streams.
Does any of the many app stores in China charge a percentage? Can t find any number on its largest one, MyApp Tencent, which has 10 of the app market.
What do you mean reverse engineering ? Linux and Darwin Mach are open source, and writing NT filter drivers is extremely well documented especially for anything MSDN documentation 1 .Either way, I doubt Dropbox even touches the OS kernel. You can implement all of Dropbox s functionality in userspace using things like Shell32 and file CRUD operations over system calls.You can t possibly tell me I need to reverse engineer my OS to write a program that downloads and uploads files to the Interwebs? Maybe inotify is the one mystical ingredient...2007 wasn t exactly the dark ages of computing technology that you make it sound like. BitTorrent was solving the hard problem equivalent of Dropbox in 2001, AND it was decentralized o
That would be true if we were looking for life currently alive on mars, but this is a search for fossil life, life that once existed but died off perhaps a billion years ago. Fossils would survive a million-year trip just fine.There has only been one serious attempt to detect current life, the labeled release experiment on the Viking lander. It came back positive. If we are seriously interested in detecting current life we don t need a sample return. Any rover can dump some rock into a nutrient bath and put the results under a microscope. If anything is growing moving, life is detected. Viking didn t have the bandwidth for such things. Lets do that a couple times first.
I found that extremely disturbing that archaic religious beliefs would influence foreign policies.Ahem. In the winter of 2003, when George Bush and Tony Blair were frantically gathering support for their planned invasion, Professor Thomas Römer, an Old Testament expert at the university of Lausanne, was rung up by the Protestant Federation of France. .. President Jacques Chirac wanted to know what the hell President Bush had been on about in their last conversation. Bush had then said that when he looked at the Middle East, he saw Gog and Magog at work and the biblical prophecies unfolding. But who the hell were Gog and Magog? Neither Chirac nor his office had any idea. But they knew Bush was an evangelical Christian, so they asked the French Federation of Protestants, who in turn asked Professor Römer. .. He explained that Gog and Magog were, to use theological jargon, crazy talk. They appear twice in the Old Testament, once as a name, and once in a truly strange prophecy in the book of Ezekiel That being said, it s well known that our former French president got advised by an astrologer 1 Former, former, former, former president Mitterand, not president Hollande.
Let s be honest Deplatforming Trump and Parler were purely politically biased moves. Amazon probably only took action against Parler because AOC demanded it publicly, which shows that the government will abuse their position to cause censorship of their adversaries, and that technology companies are spineless sycophants who will sacrifice fairness and ethics to pursue friendly political relationships when power changes hands.AOC is fairly against Amazon and was one of the loudest voices against Amazons HQ2 in NYC. Many BLM affiliated groups met this definition in 2020. That didn t stop Amazon from donating to those groups or from hosting their content. Ignoring this much bigger amount of violent rioting and terrorism from 2020 and focusing on a one day riot in 2021 is the real absurdity.I m not aware of BLM supporting any kind of property destruction or violent protests.The one day riot was an attack on America s Congress. I don t think Amazon supports any violent protests, nor do we support an attempt to overthrow America s democracy because one group can t handle losing an election. Btw much of that was organized on Parler.You re obviously super angry. Frankly I don t think there s anything I can or anyone else can say that would make this a productive discussion.I find it ironic that you dismiss an all out attack on America s Congress as a one day riot , but on the other hand, you re upset about the Taliban. These terrorist organizations also have goals to subvert America s system in favor of their own, just like your one day rioters . One makes you very upset, and the other one you re quick to dismiss.I won t engage with any further. Good luck, and I suggest taking a break from the Internet.
It s crazy how out of whack people s expectations for Apple have become.I mean after the string of iMac iPod iTunes iPhone, people were just expecting iPad to split the earth in half or I don t know what. Not that the article s reasoning is wrong about the ultimate utility of an iPad, but I find it really hard to describe it as a meh product. Remember tablets before the iPad? There were a lot of them but you probably don t remember any because none got any market traction whatsoever.
Lol. Are you for real? Try expressing any concerns about the excesses of the trans activists or concerns about the demographic replacement of europeans. People who do that wish they were treated like communists in the 50s!
If scientific facts not define what is legally considered radio communication , by what arbitrary rules is this defined?Not to point out the obvious, but laws are written using legal definintions. And those are made by the legislature and the Judiciary. The NSA and I m not here to defend them at least has a prima-facie need to see certain types of protected speech under limited court ordered, direct national threat circumstances. Google is a merely a business, with no public policy need to creep around the neighborhood. That being said, this decisino is merely putting the issue to a trial jury. Nobody has said google is guilty. But they are not so innocent, or so in the right, with repsect to how the law is apparently written interpreted, than they can dismiss the claims of impropriety as baseless, without merit tc....The unanimous, 35-page decision by a three-judge panel found little merit in Google s legal maneuverings, stating at one critical point that the company was basically inventing meanings in an effort to declare its actions legal
You are narrowing it to only Linus. It goes much deeper than that.
Q is this problem likely to appear on HN? If YES then no need to submit radar reportIf everyone follows your algorithm then you will have efficiently implemented the Bystander Effect.
Facebook is a lot bigger than flickr.I m trying to figure out who 3 is.
Safety profile of ivermectin is well established over decades and millions of doses. On the WHO list of essential medicines.It has a growing list of impressive rct results. The initial take down of the treatment was based on under powered trials too low of dose, not enough doses and too late in progression . One can easily surmise it was discredited to promote more lucrative vaccines and on patent similar anti viral drugs. Just follow the money and look at who owns media, pharmaceuticals, and big tech. Gates, Fauci, black rock, vanguard, state street...I know it works from personal experience, millions of observational data points, and anecdotal reports from hundreds of trusted people.
Meanwhile Visa buys a CryptoPunk
Linux has changed dramatically since its first release. It has major parts rewritten every decade or so, even. It just doesn t break its ABI with userspace.
The fact that Node.js isn t a complete web development stack win.
Cool!
Looking at Microsoft or Ggole, Apple, Facebook, etc is a distraction. They have the resources to keep great engineers from leaving toxic environments - not just by paying a lot, but by having the most challenging and huge scale projects, and by having other great engineers. Those things don t apply to Acme Software Inc. Most businesses aren t building world-class teams or making cutting edge products. In that environment cultivating a team where someone speaking up might be shot down and made to feel ashamed will lead to developers refusing to share ideas, which is potentially bad for the business, and worse, refusing to share experience, which is definitely bad for the business.If an engineer feels they can admit a mistake early then the rest of the team can help to fix the issue before it escalates to the point where you lose a client. If an engineer hides their mistakes because they re afraid of how their boss might react, things are left lingering, and they don t get fixed. That s how really big problems happen.
Why would a video or an image, something generated without a mesh, be using rasterization?
It s a good thing that there SO many MORE nice places... See MontanaIdaho plenty of room, plenty of broadband even FIBER .
Ryan Bates Railscasts are a must.
They talk about Content Management, why not do some development on Google Sites finally. It seems like it s been idle for 10 years. I would like to see some love for Google Sites so small businesses could use it make a proper looking website where content management would be over Google Docs.
The FTC, FCC, and FedDHS, CPB, USCISThe NBA, NFL, and NHLMLB, MLS
Yes, and I think they did that for relatively cynical reasons -- as a handout to the Best Buys of the world who would then be able to attach a 90 margin Printer cable at 29.95 to your 50 Black Friday special inkjet.I suspect the reason why this didn t go on to become standard across all classes of device, is because since 2010 or so, the average or median margin on accessories has cratered thanks to Amazon Marketplace sellers. You could realistically end up needing to buy a Belkin 30 printer cable in 2005, unless you d heard of Monoprice. Today by contrast if you just search Amazon for it, you ll have one for 4.94- 6.49 delivered within 2 days. If margins were still what they used to be on cables and stuff, I think you d have a strong incentive for places like Amazon and Walmart to pressure suppliers to make cables a la carte officially for environmental reasons, but also, for great profits, lol
PS. To clarify Meant this in an allegorical sense, with Aristotle being one of our many wise men.- And, I do not mean the almost pachinko-with-vectors AI we have now. I mean if we where to - literally - be able to intellectually reconstruct and preserve greats such as Aristotle .-
ThisI m wondering if I ll be able to pick my nose and dig in my ass in the future without offending someone...
They re well known for being the most reductive, base, inoffensive content possible.In the sense that shows and movies seem like the result of endless series of meetings, where anything that anyone might object to is censored and removed.
I love this!How do you get the listed places? had a similar idea once for a different market though but we couldn t find a way to get them. Or you ve got a person phoning all local businesses?As for feedback your urls are not SEO friendly so when I find an experience, where do I go from there? I think you should have a hard look at monetization. One easy way is to just let people click a big orange button I am interested! and then you can sell that qualified lead to the business. Lots of to be made there and you also get satisfied users.
This is a little paranoid if you re at least trying to stay within the TOS and not overtly get in a fight with the big entity whose API you re using. And having the LLC gives you great protection against lawsuits!
This doesn t seem like a fair characterization at all. Any other path towards borrowing money could potentially lead to getting buried even further in debt, and if an exhorbitant amount of interest is charged, could lead to a debt spiral that s really hard to get out of.On the other hand, asking for money from a close friend means 0 interest, and an implied forgiveness in case it s not able to get repaid. That sounds like a much better option to me of course, depends heavily on your relationship with your friends, etc. .
Should schools use a mobile OS like Android or iPhone since that s most popular especially for school age?
As someone that s been down this rabbit hole a few times, I m hopeful for your success but I have my doubts. Mainly down to 2 reasons 1. The bookmarks pane makes obfuscation too easy. Most of us who fall into this trap do so because of the collectors fallacy. Tabs force us to choose between keeping everything we see versus seeing what we need to see. Bookmarks can be infinitely filed away into neat folders which hide the complexity, so instead of deleting you tend to file something away. The immediate effect is the same as closing a tab, you can see more clearly what you want to see, but long term your bookmark system becomes unmanagable, and slowly your tab count begins to increase again, as your brain says no seriously I want to read this later, dont put it in there with the rest of the fluff .I know this because even after I gave up on bookmarks it continued to haunt me, after chrome introduced tab groups. They have the same effect, they hide the complexity behind folders that after a while are so clogged up that they re useless, and you go back to old patterns.2. The reason why tabs work effectively as a kind of todo list is because tabs are how you navigate the browser anyway. Though bookmarks have been included feature of browsers for a very long time, their not required. What I m trying to say is, you obviously wont be replacing the entire concept of tabs with bookmarks, you still need to use tabs, even if and I d say this is a massive if you only ever have 1 tab open. Which then means you ll be managing 2 systems for multitasking, one of which is significantly easier than the other.As for pruning being faster with bookmarks, I d disagree. I do use a suspender, but I usually dont even need to click the tab if I do, I have it set so going to the tab doesn t auto-unsuspend it, it shows me the title and the suspension screen . I just see the favicon and the first 5-10 letters and can take a good enough guess what it is, and then middle click it from the tab Im currently on and its gone. I never have 100 tabs open on one window, I tend to split them out currenly I have 3 windows, each with a varying number of tabs, generally for context switching .But, maybe things will end better for you, and I genuinely hope they do, but for me, its become a part of my life I ve decided not to optimise and instead just embrace the chaos if it feels right
yes. that was surprisingly good.
A couple of lines to fix the bug, in theoryYes that s all it takes. No code reviews, security review, integration testing, quality assurance testing, compatibility testing, or validation. None of the work on the installer or updater. No release notes or other communication to the community.Just a couple lines of code. Easily done before morning coffee.
Why Not to Use Zhihu ? ---- from a netboy from china ... 2018-12-12 10 40 02
Question why didn t you post it to hn?
They are present even literally on the pages of the EU organs that proposed them.Go to European Commision page - bam, cookie banner.
cream of tartar is very rich in potassium.
Afaik, the old civilizations were rather rudimentary in perspective? There are some traces of it, but no mind bending anything.
How the hell are people going to even catch measles right now? I would expect that the social distancing measures are going to do more than the vaccines ever would.
I m pretty sure this has always been the case and is how the desktop standardization stuff works now in X11.
Can you recommend a macro lens to use?
Self-operating vehicles will be the biggest disruption of the next decade. This is an area where the government will need to get involved since so much regulation will need to change , and they now have an opportunity to move things forward tremendously or hold progress back. It will be interesting to see how this turns out.
Given the recent leaks, I think we should start using terrorist in quotes, at least when referring to NSA terrorists .
very defensive of their drug overuse, in spite of the fact that their counterculture had set back effective policy by generationsBut did people dislike the hippies because of their drug use, or did they dislike drug use because of the hippies?
What useful things are people actually using 3d printers for? Yes, I ve heard all the hype about prototyping and you can print anything . But honestly whenever I look at things people are printing its just a bunch of cheap looking plastic toys I would never want. Convince me I need one of these!
On Stalwart you can implement masked e-mail using address rewriting
Were you actually electrocuting them I m fairly sure you d end up in gaol before having to deal with service disconnection.
Scientific credibility is a combination of the quality of your current paper as evaluated by peer review and replication, and the same for your previous work.Notice the lack of correct credentials in my sentence.Just a few decades ago it was the case the a majority of comets, asteroids, and supernovae were discovered by amateur astronomers -- and their work is taken very seriously by professionals. You can still report such discoveries no matter what credentials you have.p.s. my hobby is dance history and I can dance the Minuet, hope that doesn t disqualify my opinion in your eyes.
There should be some laws about using addictive patternsOf course there should be.But then you would also need to ban casinos, sports gambling, gaming, porn, cigarettes, alcohol and the myriad of other things that are addictive in nature.
As far as I understand there is only symptomatic treatment. apart from remdesivir, but not sure if I would give it a child before it really needs it worried about sideeffects?
Maybe in Europe. In sub tropical and tropical places, people just went to bed at 8p and woke up at 4a throughout the year.
I agree that magit has relatively good UX compared to the rest of Emacs, but it is held back by Emacs abhorrent performance. Magit however is not bundled with Emacs so I can not attribute its UX quality to the base Emacs editor.I do think of you did an actual user study you would find that it should be using more GUI elements to expose operations instead of keybindings
I d be interested in something like this as well. I m living in Osaka right now but usually end up going to Tokyo a few times a year anyway.
To me, it s downright scary that someone would want Google telling them what is important in their own mailbox. You probably have a much lower volume of email than the suffering email users who want AI algorithms to help them manage their inbox.The analogy would be something like Pagerank . You can t lecture a web surfer that he shouldn t leave the importance of web pages to an algorithm like Pagerank. Instead, he should read the 1 billion pages himself to determine which is most important to his search query.There are not 1 billion emails in an inbox but any number of messages greater than a few hundred is the equivalent in information unmanageability.It s an inescapable math problem. If you only have 16 waking hours a day, you may only be able to realistically dedicate 4 hours to reading and responding to emails. Your allocation of that finite time is a zero-sum game. The math problem the outside world can stuff more unimportant emails in your inbox than you have the human capability to read and curate. Therefore you must have a robot reader assist you.
i don t think the opposite of real is unpaid
If you go by net income on a tax return, or by taxes paid, none of the companies you re talking about are American at all. 0 .You re also misunderstanding the effects and purpose of breaking up larger companies, which are to restore and increase competitiveness.
Anecdotal, but I was in an Oracle University training course last year with someone who confirmed, in an indirect and vague way, that he worked for the CSE. We were training on Oracle Database 12. He had plenty of real world scenario questions.
It is inevitable that the threat of withholding basic income will be used to modify behavior. Didn t pay a fine? Didn t do your taxes? Post radical comments on the internet? On the no-fly list? On the no-drive list? Don t have a gov-issued InternetID ? No soup for you. How long until China couples it with it s human scoring system?
Not sure.A start might be a standards body offshoot, or a similar organization.Maybe the UN? Maybe an org like IEEE?Seems like an interesting discussion topic.
Mayne they don t want stupid labeling that some idiot invented.
Do you happen to remember if she was sentenced because she was convicted by a jury? I have very little faith in the U.S. justice system so I guess that wouldn t surprise me, but it feels likelier that they used the K9 evidence to coerce her into accepting a plea bargain which, to be clear, is also bad .
I m not entirely sure if this is scalable. Do we as in the world have enough reserves of Lithium for this to be possible ? There is also the question of trade balance presumably with China Japan as well as upstream Lithium miners . Add to this, India barely has power for normal domestic consumption even in Bangalore, the ostensible Silicon valley of India, power cuts for an hour or two is a daily affair.Environmental solutions, incl. solar, are okay for assuaging the guilt about wrecking the environment and India is totally wrecked , but frankly it s not clear if any of these are really scalable. This appears to me as another PR stunt pulled by the new regime in charge.
Its because its fashionable to beat the horse that Uber is a terrible company led by a terrible man. I personally am no fan of Uber or Travis, but I do get disgusted sometimes when the media hypes certain perceptions to an inappropriate degree.So for all means continue to investigate the seemingly terrible and anti-women culture and the fraudulent stealing of Technology from Google. But like you said, don t mischaracterize other facts to make them sound more terrible than what they really are.
Thank you. I was wondering why this wasn t part of the article itself.
I don t know what you mean by leakable exactly, but you can already mark cookies as HttpOnly not accessible from Javascript and Secure only transmitted over HTTPS .
Slack is required for AccessOwl. It s used for things like approval workflows, task management and notifications in general.What do you use instead?
The second part I want to bring my practical C knowledge up to date and I don t know C 11.
It s interesting that the test involves showing the animals how to use the rocks to raise the marshmallow. Not to insult any particular species, but that seems more like a test of the instinct to mimic behavior with some desirable outcome. I assumed the Aesop s Fable test was testing for an apparent understand of water displacement and floating.
I m pretty sure we re very close to getting a I ll Have Sex For You As A Service. I love how the article tries to show the moral dilemas but I see none... you re getting paid to impersonate someone else in a kind of interpersonal relationship. That is just plain awful, I don t see how a dilemma can exist there.
I m guessing the young, educated, bourgeois demographic is the early adopter of most new technologies. If you wrote off everything that was primarily used by that demographic in its early days, you d have missed out on the personal computer, mobile phones, digital photography, and many other things that are widespread today.
Unfortunately I don t think it is.. Hence the post
MW says that the singular usage is standard now USAGE. Data leads a life of its own quite independent of datum, of which it was originally the plural. It occurs in two constructions as a plural noun like earnings , taking a plural verb and plural modifiers as these, many, a few but not cardinal numbers, and serving as a referent for plural pronouns and as an abstract mass noun like information , taking a singular verb and singular modifiers as this, much, little , and being referred to by a singular pronoun. Both constructions are standard. The plural construction is more common in print, perhaps because the house style of some publishers mandates it.
Short answer yes! Long answer Statetrace works at two different levels. The first is to record the raw changes without annotations. Statetrace works 100 with any framework at this level.The next level is to record with annotations. Currently we don t have the annotation support for wordpress drupal but it is something very easy to add.
Badi Barcelona Backend Engineer Ruby ONSITE Ruby-on-Rails Badi is a young and dynamic start-up that wants to reshape the real-estate market! We are growing like crazy as we have launched our international expansion in 4 cities worldwide! We are looking for awesome developers to join us and help us conquer the world! We were recently included in the 100 Hottest start-ups in Europe on Wired Magazine!Check out more! Badi Tech Team
And yet Reddit happily ignores vote brigading and other negative externalities from any subreddit that toes their party lineWhich subreddits do you think they should have banned, specifically? What is the party line , exactly, that these subreddits toed to get themselves out of enforcement?Look, I mean obviously Reddit s moderation isn t always going to be fair. Moderation never is. It can t be. Nonetheless T_D spent four years as a cesspool before they pulled the plug. I mean really, did you read it? If anything, they were protected by virtue of being a policical fan group of the POTUS.
What s extra fun is that when Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone in 2007, he explained that developers could write web apps if they wanted to create software for the iPhone.
I find that pixels are appropriate at both the small code end and the perfect display end of user interface rendering. In between the I have lots of CPU but I can t afford the mental time to get this perfect is served well by abstract units.The problem that hits abstract units is that for features which are small, you never really know how big they will be. It s easy to end up with elements which should look similar but some are three pixels wide and some are four, or the spacing is a little ragged from the rounding. Some kits avoid this by just antialiasing everything. Then you try to draw a detailed graph or a musical score and some of your horizontal lines are sharp and crisp because they hit solidly inside a pixel, and some are a grey smear because they hit a crack.This is probably a large reason why many graphs and charts you see on the web look like they were drawn by a child with a felt tip marker. A 3 pixel wide line is pretty forgiving about where it falls.
fear propaganda ever took hold in total absence of fact,i mean, isn t that like exactly how it is always done?
There s no possible way to guarantee that traceroute is accurate. The same route is not taken both directions.A Practical Guide to Correctly Troubleshooting with Traceroute by Richard A Steenbergen explains it well
They ll probably move to categories or something that can be banned, rather than explicit lists.
I disagree completely.
Partner with someone who already has a leg or very obvious affinity in it. Don t do everything by yourself.That s rule number 1 in life, in general, for everything invite guests to bring something they like manage to the table.
Oh good so there is material evidence of this occurring. Eagerly awaiting your post with links to said evidence.
You realize there s more than one part of the country?
And so it s not clear to me whether universities as we recognize them will continue to exist if we continue to view them as a jobs programs. They could not. And that s a good thing. Humanities are a mess just for the reason that they take tuition and time from students and leave them hanging out to dray, after they graduate with no direct job prospects i.e. a way to make a living .Why is that a good thing? Just because the humanities don t funnel into jobs the way STEM does doesn t mean that they should cease to exist. Every book you ve read, movie you ve watched, song you ve listened to, play you ve seen, etc. has been a direct result of our journey through the humanities, and I m positive nobody thinks those forms of entertainment should just cease to exist . It s the same thing for countless other fields of study universities offer. The problem is not that these fields don t have the ROI of STEM, it s that the cost of education is way too fucking high.
For me it s not so important that the keys are mechanical, but that it is split. It is so much more pleasant to type with my hands straight out in front of me than cramped together in the centre. The fact that most split keyboards are mechanical is just a, slightly pleasant, side effect.
Something is real fishy with Uber and the Arizona fatality. If you believe Uber s dashcam footage it was dark and hard to see the woman. Several people in the area posted comparison dashcam footage showing it just wasn t that dark 1 .This raises a bunch of questions - Was this the unprocessed footage from a dashcam in the Uber car?- How bright were the headlights?- What other sensors could ve and should ve detected an object to be avoided on the road?I honestly don t know why this view seems to be so unpopular here probably because of the optimism for self-driving cars, which I share but why isn t criminal negligence for Uber a possibility here? Apparently they also disabled one of the safety systems in the Volvo XC90 designed to avoid this sort of thing.If it does come to light that Uber misrepresented the conditions of the crash, tampered with the evidence in any way or even tampered with other safety measures then shouldn t a criminal case be a consideration? 1
We use NixOS and Nix extensively in the company. A few developers actually use NixOS on WSL as daily driver, and it was pretty smooth.
That you give yourself so much authority on trans matters, especially in response to such a reasonable point, is kind of an example of what I see as modern trans clout these days.Your insistence that you have more authority than an actual transperson to explain the emotions driving trans identity because you ve read a book about the transgender craze is probably a more realistic reflection of modern trans clout ...
You don t have to solar days are not the same as normal days defined by TAI and used by UTC . This is why we have leap years, and leap seconds in UTC.
Wow, I was pretty skeptical but there are a few titles on here that are really good. Into The Breach is great, and I m looking forward to trying it as a phone game. I also discovered Poinpy, which is by the creator of Downwell, and is a ton of fun. Also Moonlighter, which I ve been wanting to try for a while.This is honestly pretty a cool subscription perk.
Seems like it would be an awesome experience though.Unless you re there doing research that you enjoy doing, I can tell you that it will not be an awesome experience. For a few days, OK, but beyond that, you probably will be bored to death.I once spent 30 days in the middle of nowhere doing research. Just a few guys, no females.When we got back to civilization, everything looked super colorful. The green leaves of plants I first saw, and it remained like that for a few days, after we got back looked absolutely beautiful. I thought I d never seen green colors that bright.And the sight of women, omg!
Explanatory article Study finds hydroxychloroquine may have boosted survival, but other researchers have doubts
Can anyone suggest a viable alternative for the TI graphing calculator? A mobile app would be great, but the ones I tried from the app store were pretty awful.So far the best affordable alternative I ve tried is... a TI calculator emulator. Which requires a ROM dumped from a TI calculator.I quickly tried out the Desmos webapp suggested in the article, but it s rather basic and while it might work for a high school student, it s not a serious tool for scientific and engineering work that the TI can be. It does pretty plots but that s about it I generally use gnuplot for that, and it has more useful tools than Desmos has, albeit a bit difficult to use and discover .Back in my high school days, I was pretty bad ass with the TI-85 graphing calculator, to the point that I felt like cheating because I could easily use it to solve and verify most exercises and exams. I could have learned a whole lot more maths had I not had such a powerful calculator. And it wasn t even one of the fancy symbolic calculators that high school kids these days have.The last time I put my TI through its paces was in university orbital mechanics class where I used it to do initial orbit determination of an asteroid based on three observations. That wouldn t have been possible without a powerful calculator, with variables in memory and such.These days my calculator has fallen into disuse because I need it so irregularly that I don t have a good reason to carry it around. But it would be great to have something as powerful in my pocket at all times.
We re straying way off-topic here but I d suggest that things are pretty terrible for significant numbers of people. As evidence I m not US-ian , I present this article 0 , which actually tries to make the point that living standards have never been better. In my view, he fails, specifically with the following statement in para 5, There would surely be a revolution in America if 90 of our citizens have suffered income stagnation or worse . I d suggest that recent events and the fact that many tens of millions of people supported and still support Donald Trump, are proof of a slow-motion revolution in progress - a kind of cold-civil-war.So, maybe parent was being colourful with the Walmart meth exaggeration, but in terms of effective equivalence I d say they are close to the mark. 0
I bought an idPNT SP420 off of Facebook market place brand new at a steep discount. Didn t know what I was buying other than it was a thermal label printer for printing shipping labels. I guess I got lucky. This thing works perfectly and I bought a 4-pack of the cheapest labels off of Amazon and it works without issuesThe only negative is that it requires a local USB connection and it appears to only have a Windows driver. One of these days I want to try and kludge a RPi3 and CUPS to make it wireless but have yet to do so.
The rss support was a folder, filled with links named after the article titles.It was good that it was removed, as it was useless to put it mildly
The problem with these many many ways are that those that tend to work better also tend to be user hostile subscriptions for things that have no reason to be provided as a service instead of as a product , make the users the products themselves e.g. advertising , be privacy nightmares like both the previous examples, at least for the majority of cases , etc.Public money and grants avoid all of these problems. In my view, we should dramatically expand public funding for technology and the arts, especially in a world where distribution is nearly free.
Not really a moat, at least for HashiCorp. Consider that Pulumi was able to get off the ground by using Terraform providers, including HashiCorp s AWS provider, behind the scenes.
Isn t that still negligence .Versus I m trying to hit this bridge criminal. Which is how the title kind of sounds, that might be click-baity a bit.EDIT Thought, guess switching fuel is more of a direct act, versus just poor maintenance.
Chinaman is generally considered quite offensive and dated. I d switch up the noun there.
Here is a short video that gives a tour of Twain s home and details its history after he sold it.
Agree, but that has already happened. Tires already have tax on them, which makes people replace them somewhat less, since they balance the equation cost vs risk from worn tires, particularly very large scale users like taxi companies, rental fleets, trucking companies etc. We already accept the tradeoff of for example, charging 10 sales tax on tires in return for slightly more accidents.My point is that we might be able to rebalance it more correctly by raising prices. There could be significant pressure to reduce pollution from wear technically, pressure to drive less, but also pressure to keep tires on carts slightly longer. Given that we re still making the equation more accurate, it would still be a net gain.You can t just say don t do that without also explaining why you do not advocate removing sales tax on tires, or even having negative sales tax to incentivize more frequent safe tire replacement . Status quo is not really a defense.
Can you please add these to the popular feeds on the Web App?
Didn t work for me.
You mean, they re going to rob the same car? That takes some balls, because the probability of getting some high-velocity, unprecious metal in the head will increase tremendously in the next week. I guess it depends on the neighborhood.
The quality of the medium is not determined by the quality of its content. GNU manpages especially are incredibly low quality they have info 1 for extensive documentation , but not all man pages are GNU manpages. If you use man with shell job control Ctrl-z, fg, bg , you can easily read multiple man pages simultaneously.
That s absurd. From Licensing WebKit WebKit is open source software with portions licensed under the LGPL and BSD licenses available here.Even though those licenses don t require it, Apple still actively develops and publishes enormous FOSS projects. Here s a page that lists more of them gives back way more than they re legally required to. They don t like the GPLv3 specifically, but s worlds apart from saying they avoid the GPL or that they don t want to give back.
No, it doesn t imply that at all. How do you draw that inference?
If it s a privacy thing, then why is it a setting? If I turn the sound off, then I can take all the upskirt pictures I want.
When you keep running without a path to victory you hurt the party. That was a fact when Hillary did it in 08 and a fact when Bernie did it in 16.It hurt further because Bernie had an absurd cult of personality that Clinton did not have in 2016
Does the effluent have different outcomes?
BloombergGPT far outclasses the models we evaluated ourselves, and is slightly behind GPT-3.tldr it s worse than GPT3?
I m sitting on the domains KNOLBLE.COM and NOVELBITE.COM in case anybody would like to use them. I m not using them for anything right now.
They don t need one. An accomplice is a person who knowingly, voluntarily, or intentionally gives assistance to another in or in some cases fails to prevent another from the commission of a crime.The judge is going to be very annoyed at the incompetent prosecutor for wasting his time improperly trying to try anybody and anything connected to the actual actor as an accomplice.
Or there are business lines that have no hope of ever being sustainable, and as a private business that has to earn a profit to survive, it makes sense to stop throwing money away.
Generally agree, but can also see the other side. What you are talking about are people who are using sources like PubMed or even WebMD, etc. These at least help patients as reasonable questions even if they don t fully understand what they read. Then a discussion can take place.I think what they are talking about are people using terrible sources garlic curing HIV example . Then demanding that they are right.So really, what we see here on both sides as the root cause are people who are not interested in a discussion and simply assert they are right. Dangerous if a patient does it, also dangerous if a doctor does it.
I wonder if this is what you really believe, or if you re a shill paid to perpetuate this line of thinking to discourage disillusion people who care about their rights.Sure, some people don t care and are blissfully caught up in a manufactured world of consumerism, but that does not generalise to the rest of the population.
Hi, I want to comment on the readability package. I am using it, too, on my bookmarking project.The main project is on Ruby on Rails, but I have a microservice on node just for the readability . I also extracted another service that would need a lot of memory and run only occasionally.Those microservices are only needed from time to time, and I call them from a background job, so I let them autoscale to 0 on Fly.
Thanks, learned something new today with return-from! I d be curious how different cl implementations implement it.The first few examples are what I was more familiar with, and it is precisely your note and this progn form would possibly be extracted to a new function if it was too long which makes me want to just return early in some cases. Sometimes a case is common enough that it warrants a separate function, but having to define functions for incredibly specific cases just to avoid excessive indentation is not ideal for me.
Hey there, we assume that the condo you purchased you live in not as a rental property. The spirit of this post is to show that there isn t a straight yes or no answer to rent vs. buy...The shorter the time frame the less likely is you should own.
All of these unresolved arguments are about team dynamics, not technologyNo, it s definitely about technology. Let me simplify this for you. Technology A can do thing 1 very well, and thing 2 decently. Technology B can do thing 2 well, but can t do thing 1 at all.In reality, people who only do technology B claim technology B is necessary to do thing 2 and go to great extents to write blog posts claiming such, while people who only do technology A get on with doing things 1 and 2 without feeling the need to rant.
More likely because Robert Owen s original slogan from 1817 has had nearly 200 years to get deeply ingrained in culture...
Awesome! Will do. Thanks for this, and sorry for the slow reply!
I don t think you can conclude too much from it being a 9V battery. It depends how it is connected up. The shock from an implantable cardio defibrillator which comes from a small lithium battery hurts more than 240V through your fingers.
Small note on this Companies, especially large companies, spend an exorbant amount of money on lobbying lawmakers. That lobbying money works hard to limit workers and consumers , and competitions rights.And ultimately, it s not the government alone which got us breaks, overtime pay, and safety conditions - it was the unions using their dues to push the government for those things.
I look at IPOs quite differently than most. For me, I am looking at the fundamental business. For me the usual questions are Does the company have a legitimate business advantage that can establish market dominance?How easy is it to replicate the business?Consumer trends - Who is using the product - young people vs older?Revenue Quarter over quarter increase? or a logical explanation if the rev is not growing. Consumer comments Do people like the company so much that they tell their friend about it?Based on this, I think AirBnB is a winner all around. The company has developed a platform and a brand loyalty that has basically eliminated most competition in this space. In fact, their competitors are so small that most could not even name them.From a technology standpoint, it is relatively easy to replicate but the branding and loyalty to AirBnB is unrivaled so this is what creates their moat. First-mover advantage is strong is this sector and it is clear AirBnb has gained the first-mover advantage by a wide margin.Consumer trends - Young people love it. As these consumers get older, their income will increase and they will book more through AirBnB. The very young will most likely start off using AirBnB and never use hotels directly.Revenue - Showing consistent growth prior to COVID-19. With COVID-19 apparently on the way to being vaccinated away the COVID-19 slump is not a concern for me. I could see vacation spending soaring once COVID-19 fears subsidies with consumers.Consumer comments - People love AirBnB so much that they tell their friends about it. There are some issues with fraud but my guess is over time, AirBnB will figure out how to snuff these bad hosts out of their platform.
the cost of serving the sheer number of people Google servesThat cost is mostly imaginary. First, it s already tiny - computers are cheap - and second, 90 of that cost is for stuff that only matters to Google you could make that part disappear without hurting user experience.
I m not sure how Jim Balsilie is ever, ever allowed to make a public statement of any kind, or why PR representatives around him don t reign him in a bit.Anyone who follows hockey news has probably seen him in action in the same light, rubbing a lot of people the wrong way, and I honestly can t understand why those around him don t protect him from himself a bit. edit spelling
I cannot say that my life in USSR was any kind of bleak or depressingOf course it wasn t. People didn t know many grim things about the country they lived in because their information intake was carefully designed to exclude anything negative about the USSR and the Communist Party. They believed they live in the greatest country in the world . The decades-long propaganda has produced so profound and long-lasting impact that many people in post-Soviet countries especially in Russia born in the Soviet times still long for that feeling, 30 years after the collapse of the USSR.
Works in the EU. I wonder how the cultures can be so different!
Is anybody here who has used both AWS RDS and Google Cloud SQL? Any feedback comparison? Any special points one should consider while moving from RDS to Cloud SQL?
I have managed to quit smoking in my fourth attempt. It s been nine years. Being able to work uninterrupted with an urge to smoke and deciding my breaks with my own free will motivated me. This was not the reason for me to quit, but it helped a lot.
That s the case for a lot of european countries and they get much more from it.
AdNauseam instead of uBlock, uMatrix instead of privacy badger and noscript.
Freefile on irs.gov and the pdf of the 1040 instructions. Just because some software validates doesn t release you from the liability, so if you actually have a complicated situation, I d find a qualified tax professional or read through the myriad IRS rules and regs.
Hit the nail on the head with this. It s sort of like a gimmie problem that can be weaponized if anyone is in the mood, but mostly just ignored entirely.
If you re doing it in the spirit of fun which I assume to be mutual , this means both of you know how the game works or that such a game exists .What I meant was, don t play this with friends who are unaware of this game. If you re starting to put you re friends into social experiments without their previous agreement I d call you a sociopath.
Better battery life while performing faster than any Intel AMD chip at equivalent power usage. Portability is the reason for the existence of laptops.
?
Note that the linked video has a computer-generated voice-over, and is reading a direct transcript of a Medium post 1 . The medium post also links to a more complete source article 2 from War History Online. 1
2 of those are nearly 3x cheaper than the 1x 38 curved displayFor about the same price as the 38 , you can get a pair 27 Dell P2715Q 4K monitors which will give you more than double the resolution of that 38 monitor.I have a pair of P2715Q s mounted side by side in a v shape not as good as curved, but does the trick and it works fairly well. Of course, having no bezels in the middle where the monitors touch would be nice. The main drawback of the P2715Q s is that they don t have HDMI 2.0 inputs, which means your system needs two DP outs that can support 4k 60.
RoR in 2021? Dude, that s just sad.
my shortcut for OCR ing text on the screenWould you be willing to share that? Pretty please?
I assume a lot of that Alibaba volume is them collecting smaller commission amounts on a larger number of transactions? Would be interesting to know what the gross profit margin is on their revenue figure for the day.
I don t think it s VC funding as much as being a public company, and being beholden to quarterly earnings. That s the cycle for most revolutionary tech companies that end up needing to keep revenue growth going each quarter.For what it s worth, I don t think it s wrong or bad, but just the way corporations work.
vancouver WA US or vancouver BC Canada .Anyway, forget about them both, there s nothing in those cities. Vancouver BC has lots of small but weird social media startups that probably died within 2-3 years.Lots of online gaming I mean gambling companies.All talents either move south of the border or to the East.We have 3 good schools UBC, SFU, and UVic.Lots of people who want to enjoy life.I don t mean to be negative but it is what it is.
I guess I disagree here but who doesn t with HTTP status codes... . I try to reserve 5XX codes for actual errors. In this case, no error occurred, the response is just delayed.
dead
And this is why I usually check the comments first. I love this place!
Do you want to do something about it?Then a good way to proceed would probably to study why we are all freaking out. The basics for why too much CO2 is a problem are actually quite simple and might be accessible to you experimentally if you so choose. What the exact consequences are is more complicated and we have uncertainties on the results, so that might be harder. edit While some of the models are actually open-source and you can download them, running and understanding them in a useful manner is a full-time job.
It seems to still be pretty relevant.
I think this is a great idea. But considering how I have enough trouble being in a non-sealed elevator going at only a few feet per second for a few minutes, I don t think I ll be able to tolerate something like this unless they tranquilize people like me at the station.
It is good even if it only helps people in these places who have electricity, internet, capable technology and technical knowledge.
Maciej is one of my absolute favorite writers. I m so envious of his ability to craft sentences like When I get down to the floor, the metal chair rushes over to greet me. We have a brief and painful reunion before I can imprison it under the desk.
I had an iPhone 4 until a few weeks ago, much in the same mindset as yourself. Though it can do 99 of what the 5 does, the speed difference really makes it feel like a completely different experience. Also the new screen has a much better aspect ratio for watching videos. It sounds silly, but that was my experience. If you re due for an upgrade I would highly recommend it. I promise I don t work for Apple
How much of that do you ascribe to genetics?
IQ tests don t measure intelligence perfectly, especially at the higher ranges.I would not use the word measure at all, but rather the word estimate, for theoretical reasons mentioned by psychologist Joel Michell. It is well known that reliability of IQ tests is at its worst at the highest level of IQ scores. The author of the test that Marilyn vos Savant took was among the first to say so The reader should not lose sight of the fact that a test with even a high reliability yields scores which have an appreciable probable error. The probable error in terms of mental age is of course larger with older than with young children because of the increasing spread of mental age as we go from younger to older groups. For this reason it has been customary to express the P.E. probable error of a Binet score in terms of I.Q., since the spread of Binet I.Q. s is fairly constant from age to age. However, when our correlation arrays between Form L and Form M were plotted for separate age groups they were all discovered to be distinctly fan-shaped. Figure 3 not shown here on HN, alas is typical of the arrays at every age level. From Figure 3 it becomes clear that the probable error of an I.Q. score is not a constant amount, but a variable which increases as I.Q. increases. It has frequently been noted in the literature that gifted subjects show greater I.Q. fluctuation than do clinical cases with low I.Q. s . . . . we now see that this trend is inherent in the I.Q. technique itself, and might have been predicted on logical grounds. Terman Merrill, 1937, p. 44
Appreciate the comments. Guess what I m frustrated with is the misallocation of smart people to real problems. But this isn t a Soviet economy, which I m also grateful for.
Because Congress specifically delegated that authority to them for this domain. Go read a history book.
Banks reject all transactions from sanctioned entities.
My distro s repositories don t contain my newly written custom kernel module
There are at least two Nobel Laureates who have used LSD Kary Mullis Crick
It s about exercising restraint even if you don t care for something. Anyone with an ounce of self preservation would have learnt to do into early adulthood.Now what did I comment on concerning the government or the industry that Shkreli represents that I didn t know about?
Have people actually constructed a concrete example of a theory that s super deterministic in a way that violates the bell inequalities but is complex enough to contain Turing machines driving the tests?The requirement that you can encode Turing machines might sound silly but I really think it s the core of the issue. The ability to make computers implies a certain level of hard-to-control due to the existence of things like the halting problem and pseudo random number generators and cryptographic hash functions.My understanding is that super determinism is one of those loopholes where it s easy to say its a problem, but actually providung a plausible concrete model where it s a problem is very hard.
It s actually just SQLite? No weird proprietary format or anything? That s both surprising and awesome to hear.
Maybe, but why are you doing it? is a very relevant question. And imo should be the first question to be asked. Knowing why you re trying to achieve something will allow people to provide alternate ideas instead of fixating on the narrow context that you ve set.
But what typesetting system has a way of marking up sentence endings? Because you can rely on the period being that as e.g. this sentence has one in the middle of the sentence.
Yes and no. These vaccines have been formally tested for their ability to protect the recipient, there is some unquantifiable risk that they ll still get harmless-to-themselves mild infections especially nasal mucosal surface infections that can still transmit to others.But it s reasonable to also expect the following to be shown when there s more time The milder infection makes such infections less transmissible in terms of duration-of-infectiousness of quantity-of-sheddding such superficial infections in the vaccinated don t recur often, or as they recur become ever-milder because the nasal mucosal surfaces themselves eventually improve their immunity. So, an extra step is required to achieve the simplified idea of herd immunity , but the vaccines is still one step in that direction.So it is still very much the hope eventual aim of these vaccines to keep enough people alive, with mild easily-recovered infections, that herd immunity and thus much-lower or almost non-existent rates of infection even in the unvaccinated is reached.
If poor content and dumb newbie votes is grounds for banning, why the heck are techdirt and torrentfreak not banned?
What happens in May?
I am competent, truthful and not a jerk. I get many job offers. But sometimes I don t. Say, about 2 in 10 discussions lead to either never hearing back or being told I m not a good fit.Often this happens because I m in the wrong stack and they didn t specify. Other times ... shrugWhat am I doing wrong on those occasions? I don t know. And never will.Although once, just once, I managed to figure it out after a few months. That was with Google. But they gave me specific technical feedback on waht I did wrong. Eventually I was able to realise what I was saying wrong that made them think I didn t know those technical things it was an extremely consistent brain fart that lasted all day, through all 6 interviews, but they can t know that, they just know I was saying the wrong things
I m not sure I understand what you re saying.Getting 100 of your subscription is the same thing as getting 1 from everyone out of 100 customers, where only one person you listen to that artist and exclusively .That 99 of your money went to an artist you dislike doesn t matter if 1 of everyone else s money went to the artist you do like. The money doesn t know where it came from, and the artist doesn t care. Only the aggregate distribution matters.Now I don t know how they do their reward distribution, I m merely pointing out the flaw in your reasoning.
You write a bootable usb drive and format your hard-drive.
is it having simple to use and captures previous test etc..just education like what is addition..give me the exact link
1. You want an odd number so the median is the middle element of the sublist.2. One and three are probably too small
Great story, thanks.
I suppose you could track how many times a person has poured over time and cut them off at some point.
All the family, employees, and former employees have a maximum investment. Every year they withdraw funds so that the principle never exceeds a certain threshold.
A part of my normal implement-a-feature routine is the normalisation phase where I go over the rest of the application, and make sure that other areas of the application use new idioms.
There s a song that goes Revenir d exil comporte des risques comme planter une aiguille dans un vieux disque coming back from exile has its risks, like sticking a needle in an old record
There are carriers where any change to eSIM must be called in and you have to talk to a rep, where it takes hours to issue, etc.There s also now the option to just keep your primary phone number on a cheap plan, and have multiple other eSIMs for data usage. There s no longer the problem with having to contact a carrier to switch data plans if used in this way.Though, hopefully in time they will improve the experience anyway.
No, it s not. But I see what you did there.
I ve always had a concern about getting a real card flagged for fraud card-status-probing and thus locked.
It s valid to ask this question What problem s are digital menu s really solving? I can spot a handful.For restaurant owners ease of updating the menu pricing, dishes, suggestions,... , perceived lower cost of maintaining paper menu s whether disposable or reusable .For patrons you can bookmark the menu if it s a webpage on the restaurant s website, there s perceived accessibility e.g. font zooming but that s offset with the higher bar of scanning a QR code.Maybe there s a niche market to be spotted for BI data acquisition? It would be quite a tenuous proposition, since consulting a menu isn t the sames as capturing orders. Not to mention the hairy privacy issues associated here.Here s an alternate business case where the perceived benefits of QR codes are greatly diminished pending the specific context museums and galleries. The success of using QR codes works pending on the type of audience, the type of collection, the vision on the specific user experience a museum wants to achieve, the ability to spend time resources on providing and keeping digital content up to date, time spend helping people out,... It s not as easy as slap QR codes on a wall, and they will be scanned. In the same vain, QR codes may work well in some venues, and they won t work at all in others. Context matters. A lot. For instance, if you operate a bar or restaurant in a cozy, 19th century, cottage setting and you want to foster that specific atmosphere experience towards your patrons, sticking QR codes to the old wood would immediately detract from that. I don t see QR codes work greatly either if your into a gastronomic gourmet niche for instance. Opposite of the spectrum, there s fast food chains and loads of small businesses who just want to get food out of the door and not much more to them, a menu is just a business expense and a QR code is a good solution to cut costs.I don t really mind QR codes. When I go to a run-of-the-mill place for take out, I don t mind scanning a code. My expectations will change, however, if I m going to spend time and money hoping to get a specific experience out of it.
My interviewers loved creating gif memes at and tinkering with a neural net at
There is no way since Wilbur and Oliver that any aerospace system could accomplish enough runtime to be sure it isn t 11 nines instead.Especially when some plane models need to be rebooted every couple of weeks because of software bugs
Everything looks great, other than the fact I m still forced to use a broken language to interact with shiny new APIs you want me to manipulate binary data with an array implementation this crappy?
Except that Amazon does contribute to less copylefted open source code, so there must be some motivation beyond licensing forcing them to.
Huh? It makes more sense to use redirects for tracking than to fight it. Why would anyone use anonym.to instead of just turning off referer in the browser?
I can t suggest any others - I ve never tried any.Thanks for doing the benchmarking, though - that s fast!
Be kind. Don t be snarky. Have curious conversation don t cross-examine. Please don t fulminate. Please don t sneer, including at the rest of the community. Edit out swipes. the phrasing is not what we re looking for here at HN. The meaning of their comment is clear.
Perhaps he did not have time to write a shorter post.
OVH or Online.net alone can get you that much bandwidth with a dedicated server and for less money. Use one to serve US users and the other one to serve EU users. CDNs are not a zero-sum game, you will always have users downloading from across the globe or over slow connections.
yea, just look at the http headers, here s the call make your own tstamp for random
Reminds me of MySpace renaming itself to My_____.
It s my code, i don t want you to modify my codebase but I ll give it for free.Fair enough for me.
Please don t make assumptions. None of that describes me.Seeing that HN is completely supported by a VC and serves an advertisement for YC, I think it is relevant.
The only blame it on one person argument that a CEO can get away with is I blame myself
There s no seating because you re not meant to sit. A lot of public space these days is designed to be hostile for that use, so that undesirables like the homeless don t linger, but in the process it becomes hostile to everybody.A lot of public-facing plazas are meant to be ornamental or monumental and nothing more, which is quite sad.
Bitcoin and for that matter all crypto currency is a libertarian ideal.Libertarian ideals do not fit in communist societies. Regulation was always coming, as even liberal societies regulate.But regulation is only there to keep the established order. The established order is very afraid of crypto right now in the same way the music industry freaked out over MP3.I can t help it, but I get annoyed when crypto is branded with illegal activities like terrorism, fraud etc. No one talks about USD being used in the same way!
Some combination of strategies. Grabbing an old Itanium Developer s manual, the suggested rewrites include making loops branchless where possible, balancing instruction depth for branches that can t be avoided, doing more comparisons in parallel rather than if X - then if Y, and so on.Obviously, this doesn t apply to every general purpose problem. Just noting there were some narrow cases where writing for Itanium produced something close to the promise.
Edward Snowden would agree.
770 employees is bigger than 99.9 off all companies ever? Because we saw how easily those employees would have walked out the front door only too recently.
Well when you have a behemoth dairy market next door of 325 million versus 35 million ya gotta do some weird stuff.If the intent is to protect domestic producers from international competition, wouldn t a sufficiently high import tariff on dairy be a better solution?
In that case, the last thing they ll remember is that lovely orange banner. For the rest of their lives.Imagine going blind and only being able to recall your loved ones faces, and the header of your favorite website.
Time to fight back, Canadians. ?
I agree. I decided my chrome extension Productivity Owl should only store data locally because I didn t like the idea of managers abusing it. The owl is enough of an asshole to simulate a real boss for me.
Some doWhich Operating systems do this?
This is a classic case of just because you can, doesn t mean you should .
It s far worse than that to attribute a particular output to an input you don t just need the input data, you need the gradient updates that data caused in the training run. A couple hundred gigabytes input tokens times 175 billion parameters equals... impossibility.
Its not uncommon to search for product X, only to find product Z being ranked above the official store of X.I m surprised there hasn t been a class action racketeering charge brought. And this is exactly how a protection racket works. You wouldn t want some other brand in the top position when they search for your brand term. You should just pay us to make sure that doesn t happen.
should get more thoughtful and substantive, not less, as a topic gets more divisive.Eschew flamebait. Avoid generic tangents. Omit internet tropes.
I think the US intelligence community is competent and influential enough to get the DOJ to drop the charges before Russia gained significant knowledge that way.
If they re not doing anything actually productive, wouldn t it be better to pay them the money and let them spend the time on something they enjoy?
If only we had a way of learning how to rank these papers...
y no solidity
They re 18. What do you want? What authentic motivation did you have when you were 18?When I was 18 I had an authentic motivation for studying math and computer science which I did German s admission procedures for courses of studies are different from how it works in the USA .What I did not have was something that made me look very social, outstanding, future leader etc. I was and still am in many senses the kind of rebellious, cynic, scientifically brillant at that time without any opportunity to show nerd who finds working in science much more exciting than about anything else.P.S. I was never the kind of person who can serve as a role model, since the only advice I can give is the ones my father gave me he, being a working-class child, worked his way up There is always someone who will be better than you, but not being the second-best is failure. and If you don t work harder than everybody around you, it is no surprise if you fail. . This is not something that people want to hear from role models - they want to hear things that are more socially compatible.
No, they are talking about GitHub s website, which wastes a lot of horizontal space only to then show a horizontal scrollbar within the content it did not explicitly set a max width, then the code would be much more convenient to read a critique of overarching design consistency trumping actual usability.---Though to be fair it is still against the guidelines Please don t complain about tangential annoyances e.g. article or website formats, name collisions, or back-button breakage. They re too common to be interesting.
I was able to read the article at comments at
Maybe this one?
Because it s the most spoken language in the world?
Lol!
Hi, node exporter maintainer here.Yes, running the node exporter in a container is still tricky which is why we recommend running it straight on the host. I like the nsenter idea, wondering if it could be integrated without shelling out but I think there were some inherit problems with Goroutines and nsenter preventing that. If your interested in exploring this, feel free to open an github issues. Even better though would be support of unisolated workloads in kubernetes, similar to rkt stage1.
In New Zealand I used to get attacked regularly by magpies, a large and aggressive crow-like bird, while riding my bike near trees where they were presumably nesting. They d come at you from behind and swoop at your head, either passing very close to scare you, or even clawing at my helmet as they passed. Very frightening if you re not expecting it!Apparently on some occasions people would get attacked seriously enough to draw blood. The weird thing is that as soon as you got off your bike and pushed it, they d be scared off and wouldn t come near you. But something about bike riding seemed to drive them insane...
200 quid really isn t so bad, and the X60 was one of the best laptops of the age.And it includes a brand new battery and the docking station.Hmm... I still have fond memories of my X61. This is actually kind of tempting.
Slightly offtopic, but is Coding Language now a thing?
A gender-studies course criticism isn t a claim that the underlying subject doesn t matter. Everyone can agree that gender matters! It s a claim that they don t think the course is going to teach broadly applicable concepts and patterns of thought they expect that you ll be presented with some particular orthodox concept of privacy, and that the class will be about learning how to correctly recite it.I can t say whether they re right about your school s course specifically, but it s certainly something I can imagine.
It doesn t matter if he got off easy or not. Two wrongs does not make a right.If you wrong someone, and s he tries to then injure you with a heavy blunt object but fails, it doesn t mean you got off easy . You can then counter sue for attempted murder.So now who got off easy ?
Musk s playbook is actually much more likely based on Apple s than vice versa. Apple doesn t make entirely new things, they spot emerging fields and finesse the state of the art until it looks like an entirely new product. The original Apple Macintosh MacBook iPod iPhone didn t do anything that other X couldn t do, it was just better integrated and slicker.
I ve built a BusyBox image that TFTPs over to do the initial firmware flash, all ramdisk based. I ve got physically write protected ICs on my boards. I almost rigged up my board to do write once NOR flash for U-boot. I know read only systems can be built, and everything else can be tmpfs. And infact, I ve built them. People seem to be thinking I m saying this is impossible. I m not, I never did. I m sorry I m frustrated, but it s difficult to respond to things you didn t say.I m saying, compared to a power cut switch for a webcam which, I seem to remember even Apple screwed up accidently , a write protect switch is more challenging.A power cut switch is mostly challenging mechanically. How do I get the dang thing on the case? But otherwise, that s the only consideration.For a truly hardware based write protect switch that disables write capabilities at the silicon level, you have to adapt your image, your software, your hardware, and many of your procedures for the bring up process.Is that challenging? For some people in this thread, I suppose not. But compared with a power cut? Orders of magnitude more challenging. Especially when you are bringing this to a massive codebase that hasn t had this as a design consideration.
I was under the impression that tobacco and alcohol companies are against legalization and have the largest hand in keeping it illegal.
IMO the financial industry tries to make it seem so much more technical and complex than it is. Even for how an average person can invest money. A lot of people are perceiving it as such.
If you re behind a reverse proxy, like NGINX, you could log the traffic and customize the log lines to be more verbose.After you could index these log files into a search engine, like Elastic Search and perform queries dashboards through Kibana.This is the typical stack, so I m not sure if you re looking something more sophisticated.
Tailwind-style selectorless approach is essentially a shorter form of inline style attributes. Surely there are better solutions?
Say I have a spare Android phone sitting around. Could I just plug it into a charger, aim it at the sky through a window, and let your software snap a pic whenever it feels the urge?
This is true in general. The average software developer is doing the jobs of three or four people when I started fifteen years ago. Ops, dev, DBA, storage s3, ebs, etc .
Yeah I would love to know how you set that up.
In Bb that is?
A lot of great tips here. I tried hard to get used to things, but I always felt that I was fighting the Mac window manager. I now have Virtualbox running Linux on my Mac. In full screen mode it is the same as running Linux. I use Xmonad, a tiling window manager with great support for keyboard shortcuts.My other pain point was that Mac doesn t have autocopy, although I am not sure if that is good or bad for your RSI.
What, you ve never seen a contract which states how many hours a week you work? Maybe it s differnet in Australia but every single salary job I ve had has specified that.
I was responding to the idea that a higher word count defeats the purpose of Twitter. Japan shows that Twitter can be successful under a higher limit.
which is odd, because diverse groups are more efficient. you d think it d be a hardcore capitalist argument.
Of all shapes and sizes. I can imagine a robot M16 attached to a drone spotter might be effective against the sort of small drones that are hitting tanks in Ukraine.
couple huge problems that come to mind immediately.1 owner risk. you are letting a complete stranger rent your car for x days. You have no control over how good of a driver they are or how many miles they will drive. as mentioned in other comments and a fact that my dad, who owns a brand name car rental franchise CONSTANTLY harps about is that people who rent cars treat them like crap. Rental cars lose value almost 3 times as fast as cars driven by their owners.2 insurance complications. My current insurance doesn t even let my girlfriend drive my car, technically. If the person that flightcar rent my car to gets in to an accident, not only am I liable, but my insurance won t cover it.3 uber lyft is a much less risky method of using my personal vehicle for extra income, plus I maintain control of my car. Why take on that extra risk for such little return? doesn t make sense. I d rather be an uber lyft driver to make the extra .4 return not worth the risk. article states 15-20 parking fees per day that would be avoided. lets say i m gone 1 day, thats 20 cost. An uber from my place to the airport is currently 10 each way, so 20 bucks total. I can either park for 1 day or take an uber for the same cost. Anything longer than a 1 day trip would be dramatically cheaper taking the uber, so I don t park there. I m not letting a stranger rent my car to save 20.thoughts?
flagged
Cutting for Stone -- Abraham Verghese
I say a loud I don t care! .1 Put a law that prevents people from owning more than one rental house2 Watch the market price of real estate fall tremendously good!! 3 At that point it will become economically feasible for people like me to buy a condo in the Bay Area, like it should be housing is a primary need, more so in a high cost of living areaOR1 Put a law that caps the maximum amount of rent you can charge to people, based on the bottom quartile of income for an area, or something like that2 Watch the market price of real estate fall tremendously good!! I am sure my reasoning has tons of blind spots and it s probably economically immature , but I don t care. I see rich people around me hoarding multiple multi-million dollar homes and starving the rental market, while they sit on property taxes significantly smaller than my rent. They are not providing a service to society, they are benefitting from wild speculation at the expense of other people. It shouldn t be allowed to do that, it s basic logic.
instructor-go is a port of the popular Python package implementation uses jsonschema and Go struct tags to send data and schema information to the model to return the appropriate response schema.Currently, OpenAI and Anthropic are supported, and you can see all examples of different capabilities here is in early development and would love some feedback.Thanks for checking it out!
Why reproduce ? Don t produce the next generation of slaves. On balance, life is misery. Leave the unborn in peace.
Despite of the pessimism, Rob s talk always has lots of refreshing insights and inspirations. But I also wonder that after several years in Google, how Rob would see systems software research today. He is not doing OS in Google but since he claimed golang to be a systems language , he uses system in a broader sense than OS .
This is fucking cool!
In what universe does saving stimulate the economy? It s literally the opposite of consumption.
Not that I agree with your premise, but why would you personally adopt a cognitive dissonance? A healthy mind is generally regarded as satisfied with itself as it is free of self-contradictions.
When I worked at Lyon s Restaurant a slightly upscale Denny s, to my mind as a dishwasher, the heavy-duty rubber gloves they provided were frequently wet enough inside that mold formed rapidly. Only put the awful things on once or twice before giving up on them because they were so unpleasant!
How do you get it to stay logged in or the Kagi token to persist? It stays on mobile but every freaking time i use it with their browser Orion, which is objectively sweet on Mac, it wants me to relog in on Kagi.com or whatevs
It actually is quite humanly possible. The fundamental issue is that while replication of information is effectively free, generation of valuable information most certainly is not. Which takes us right back into limited resource allocation and value decision territory. And markets are the best tool we ve found so far for societies to use to perform generalized efficient resource allocation towards societal goals. It s also often quite possible to keep information secret for a significant time period, but efforts to do so and efforts in turn to gain that information are themselves examples of the economic inefficiency you complain about. However, generalized efforts to restrict information require the cooperation of society overall and costs to society in a way that real physical property does not. Intellectual Property is one possible way to try to answer all these points, a hack to try to couple market allocation to the information generation issue while also recognizing that it s not real property and is funded by and for the public. It offers a chance, not a certainty, to make money off an investment on information generation through convincing other parts of society to pay for it piecemeal during a limited pseudo-physical-property replication stage. In exchange, it shouldn t be secret, shouldn t cover basic facts of the world or certain other areas where additional generation incentives are unnecessary, and should have limited times taking into account the ongoing and ever increasing societal cost.I think it s very foolish to mistake implementation issues with fundamental ones and throw out the baby with the bath water unless you ve got something better to fund information generation equally effective. And I have yet to hear any proposed scheme by total-anti-IP folks to take its place, merely complaints about the current implementation. I think it d be far more productive to first direct efforts towards fixing mismatches in historical IP in each of the 3 areas above vs modern times. On the secrecy issue for example, encrypted source code escrow should be a requirement for having copyright protection for everything that isn t open or available source already, and have-your-cake-and-eat-it Trade Secret laws should be eliminated. Patent protection for mathematics all software patents should be completely eliminated, copyright is more then enough already for software and better aligns incentives. And new, better ways to reflect ongoing and increasing societal costs, and the divergence in areas of generation, should be added rather than mere fixed times. Ongoing yearly renewal beyond an initial short period at non-linearly increasing cost either fixed or an increasing percentage of revenue would be one possible approach.But all this seems far more useful than anything else I ve seen. Total command and control at all levels of the economic stack hasn t proved any more effective for information generation than it has anywhere else in economics. IP has overall worked fairly effective, and it seems to me that the problems it has caused are more down to warts and rust that could be fixed.
Tell that to a tech Fortune 500 s legal department.
I had to get a couple components on my car replaced recently. The dealer quoted me 6000 for the job. I had it done by a reputable shop instead for 1600.
it s pretty clear what s going on when HR is involved with a technical issue. We should drop AWS and move to another provider. Hit them where it really hurts.
... I ve never been as proud as getting a downvote before, even the times when I was shitposting deliberately.
To this day I will still cite how Neopets pet pages were my introduction to the creator s web later MySpace would help me accumulate some spare lunch money. The good ol days.
What I miss is the motion clarity of impulse-driven displays vs. today s sample-and-hold displays. Smooth 60 Hz scrolling on a CRT is something so visceral that just can t be replicated on modern displays.
Are there filter lists or something similar to what adblock extensions are using?
I have a hard time caring about this. Okay, maybe climate change was obscured from laymen 50 years ago despite Sagan, the most famous science communicator, talking about it in the 80s , but everyone has surely known about it for the past 20 years, and our collective take has been meh .
I mostly embraced my misanthropy as time goes on. I m seeing little evidence to the contrary. Trumpers, woke culture, influencers, ccp, etc. It s fine, don t fight it. People in groups are kind of disappointing, so I usually look for individuals that are worth a shit but even there, certainly not bending over backwards .
I can t hire compiler people with right skills.You can hire bright, motivated and mature people and teach them the skills they need. Academia doesn t exist to provide profit-maximizing, ready inputs to business. They produce people who have the skills to hopefully be able to grow into any position.
You can have markov models at various levels of granularity...This is neither here nor there. The article already applies models to two separate levels of granularity chord progressions, and melody notes over a given chord . But for higher order structures the hard part is decomposing source music into data points that typify its structure - if you did that then applying a markov or other model to the data would be straightforward.
In much more primitive societies. Again what scientifically demonstrated not speculated consequences of climate change are you worried we can t deal with when it happens?
giving away your child s data What part of self-hosted are folks not grasping here, of all places? To be very specific, that data lives in a volume connected to a Docker container running Postgres, accessed by another Docker container running Baby Buddy, on a Hetzner VM, sitting behind WireGuard.
If this filesystem has comparable random-write performance to an LSM tree , would it be viable to use this filesystem directly as the storage for a key-value store i.e. to swap out LevelDB RocksDB for a simple library that just creates each key as its own file, expecting to be backed by this filesystem ?If not, why not? I m guessing mainly because of kernel context-switching overhead?And if that s why, then could use of this filesystem be made competitive with or better-performing than! e.g. LevelDB writing to ext4 , if that context-switch overhead was removed e.g. if it was either used by a kernel-mode application i.e. a unikernel approach or if the driver itself were moved into userspace as a library, with the expectation that you d compile it into a single daemon process which would own and have write access to a raw block device? I ask because part of my job involves tending to blockchain archive-nodes, and the operational management of LevelDB at scale sometimes makes me want to pull out my hair. A million little 2MB files all in one directory, constantly being created and deleted. If I could 1. work with the keys in those databases directly as a mounted perhaps read-only filesystem, and 2. get for free the BetrFS equivalent of Btrfs s incremental subvolume send receive for them, rather than trying to organize parallel rsync 1 for a million tiny files, those factors alone would be worth dealing with an experimental FS.
So they fixed the encoding problems?
You can always find a reason to defend any feature. In the case of this article you could say it s more seamless to open Outlook links in their browser. And that s exactly what Microsoft s PR says.But for some reason Apple s fans are way more insistent in defending everything and sticking to the PR department s arguments. No criticism is allowed to stand.
Open source software prompting a license popup is actually an anti-pattern, a common mistake. Open source software under a license like the GPL or MIT BSD should never throw it in a click-through EULA in the installer, because those licenses are copyright licenses, and the disclaimers aren t legal requirements to use the software you don t need to agree to them to use it, they are just legal boilerplate .However, the AGPL is an EULA, so in fact it should be included in click-through screens in insallers, unlike every other open source license.The AGPL doesn t require you to distribute modifications only if you distribute the software that would be a copyright-based requirement and it s what the GPL does . It requires you to distribute modifications if you offer access to the software. That s a huge difference. And as I wrote in the other comment below, the interpretation of making medications is horrendously ambiguous, and can be interpreted in two way in one way, the AGPL doesn t offer any protections over the GPL so it s useless , and in the other way, every user of the software is using a modified version and thus required to offer it to any downstream users they provide access to the app to.
For many geeky guys, this turns out to be a self-indulgent view that will virtually guarantee that they ll spend their life alone. I ve met plenty of guys who think that they should just be able to find the video-game playing, D D-, MtG-, hard scifi-, Linux-loving girl geek of their dreams. If they can, more power to em! On the other hand, I m willing to bet that their chances will be significantly increased if they develop a taste and passion for art and cinema and cuisine and travel, etc.Of course, it s not going to work if you end up having no real interest in these things, but if you do, then you might take these interests off of the back burner.Another common fallacy is that you can weigh 300 pounds and yet attract a 110 lb waif. It s been known to happen, but the odds are stacked against you.
BNF is an archetype of declarative language.But I used to work on an X.400 system, and we would have to map out data structures in BNF, pass it through a BNF X.409 compiler that always hashed things up often our bad, but that was back in the big iron days, when we would have to arm-wrestle for compiler passes , then, once we fixed the X.409, we d need to pass it into a X.409 C compiler.And fix it again...
However, TNCs are not a reliable way to reduce car ownership. When TNCs entered U.S. cities, car ownership actually increased in car-dependent and slow-growth cities, and TNCs displaced transit ridership most in cities with high income and fewer children. Overall, Uber and Lyft affect different kinds of cities differently, and that is important to understanding their impact, said Michalek.This is not good. We need less dependency on cars. Not more. TNCs further dig us into the hole of car centric transportation in the US.I fear we will never truly get walkable cities with alternative forms of transportation. The closest we will get is NYC but even that city is plagued by terrible, and inefficient zoning
When you create a table in MySQL, a text attribute VARCHAR etc. is not encoded in UTF8 by default.I think UTF8 should be the default and only format for storing text attributes in all databases and all other text encodings should be removed from database systems.
if you perceive the meaning of the words slightly differently based on the skin color of the speaker, it s textbook racism.What textbook would that be? My dictionary defines racism as 1. the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics, abilities, or qualities specific to that race, especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races.2. prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one s own race is superior.This does not suggest to me that it is racist to acknowledge that a shared history of oppression, in this case may have an influence on the language of a people.
Twitter used to not work for me. I would actively avoid clicking on links to tweets as they would reliably not load on the first try, refreshing wasn t reliable either, and was quite slow.I am today an active user of Twitter, and never have these issues anymore.
Bingo. Currency and free markets are the best implementation of distributed democracy we ve seen yet. Everyone can vote on everything as many times as they want constrained only by their participation in the system. I still believe we need a level playing ground though, anti trust and a strong legal system to prevent abuse. We should be careful about safety nets though, preventing failure and saving people from disaster are different things with different consequences.
software can solve this problem now.Software can displace a middle man, and replace it with a monopoly. Once monopoly power is in place, Software will then become more and more expensive until it is as bad or worse than what it supplanted. Investors will get rich, there will be a brief bubble where some people will get a VC-funded good deal, and then nobody else wins.
That hatred wasn t meaningfully due to Jewish political power. Banking was almost literally the only field where Christian law in the Middle Ages - in this case prohibitions against usury - discriminated against Christians in favor of Jews.The section at gives more context As the Jews were ostracized from most professions by local rulers during the Middle Ages, the Western churches and the guilds, 30 they were pushed into marginal occupations considered socially inferior, such as tax and rent collecting and moneylending. Natural tensions between creditors and debtors were added to social, political, religious, and economic strains. 31 ...financial oppression of Jews tended to occur in areas where they were most disliked, and if Jews reacted by concentrating on moneylending to non-Jews, the unpopularity and so, of course, the pressure would increase. Thus the Jews became an element in a vicious circle. The Christians, on the basis of the Biblical rulings, condemned interest-taking absolutely, and from 1179 those who practiced it were excommunicated. Catholic autocrats frequently imposed the harshest financial burdens on the Jews. The Jews reacted by engaging in the one business where Christian laws actually discriminated in their favor, and became identified with the hated trade of moneylending.I surely agree with the other statements you made. As another example, apartheid South Africa s and the unrecognised state of Rhodesia s minority white population were far from loved by the rest of the population. I don t, however, understand the relevance.
does it work with ifttt like the wemo?
Have you thought about opening letslunch in other cities? Whether it be doing it yourself, having others do it or open sourcing the code. It should work equally well in certain other cities or regions.
That s the first thing I thought How does this effect georouting?
It would still be romanticized , but less glamourous, to think about all the terrible aspects that went into those millions of line of code and don t get us starting on the hardware. It is part of the global human collaboration, where we re all gears and screws, but some of us are more geared toward screwing others.
looks so much fun guys.
It happens impromptu. I see a pull request or an interesting project someone built with us. If they stick around and seem interested in the project, I reach out via direct message and see what their goals are. I half heartedly ask them if they d like to do this full time. If they seem interested, we setup a minor call and we talk about current projects they re working on, and what we re working on at the company.We compare notes and see if interests line up. From there it s negotiations.I ve already seen their code and interacted with them for a few weeks by this point, so the interviews are painless and obvious.One thing I make sure to do is be very clear direct that we re a business. Here s how we make money, here s who our customers tend to be.
Yeah, I think you come from a different group of people than me for sure. Throwing away meat? No, I can t do that on the regular. I don t get to eat it anywhere near as much as I want to because it s so expensive compared to everything else. This is in the US and in an area that produces a lot of meat.
Felt funny, but turns out I was hilarious.
In movie metaphor, Old Man Potter finally bought out Bailey Building Loan when it went under in 2007, and now Bedford Falls is turning into Pottersville.As far as I am aware, the FNMA FDMC system only guarantees mortgage loans for properties with existing appraisable structures, so borrow-to-build lenders face significantly higher risks and lower liquidity. It s harder to buy undeveloped land and build a hovel on it from local materials, than it is to buy an overvalued 5-bedroom McMansion, built from twigs, bird spit, and a 10-year horizon for its planned obsolescence.
I am in Europe too, here there is not as much need for Bitcoin now that SEPA exists and not many people care for credit cards but its still has its uses.You can use sites like EU or US to get giftcards and spend your bitcoins that way in shops such as Amazon which do not yet take Bitcoin
I guess gangsters are a species of hacker in a sense
I do database schemas, GUI layouts, and control flow plans on paper before putting code down.For example, in adding lens correction profile support to my photo editor, I used paper to track which camera brands have what exif fields that I need to get lens names.Then I worked out the logic of how whether to enable corrections on images that had been edited in the past.As a result of this planning I do, new features usually work almost entirely as expected, first time.
They probably inadvertently added emphasis on EU, rather than Facing reality ... is a core requirement for good management
True in theory but good luck explaining this to my grandma 99 of internet users. People click links freely even if they shouldn t,
icey - I m not trying to win any converts, simply display some qualities of both languages.
Not sure there is a official term for it, but there seem to be a similar pattern in majority 80 of professions. Gender segregation happens on both on a market level and on a inter-profession level, and for both men and women. For example, there is about 20 of men in the teaching profession but much less ie single digit of male teachers that teach languages. On the flip side there is much more than 20 men in the subgroup of physical education teachers, and even more that leaves the schools and becomes sport instructors with a teacher degree .In Sweden there is about 12.5 of employed citizens that work in a profession that has at minimum 40 men and women, but I don t know the portion of that minority group that actually have 40 coworkers with a different gender then themselves with identical title and work tasks. My random guess would be around 33 , which would translate to 4 of the total employed population.
Long post alert...--If Bezos s and the other mega billionaires wanted to truly change the tax code for a top .0001 tax rate or whatever they could almost certainly get it done.How much does Bezos spend on lobbying not Amazon specific interests ? Virtually a 25 cents to him - .000086Adelson spent something like 500mm over a decade and he probably has 75 or more of the credit for changing pro-Isreal policy.Bezos and the rest of them could put a few billion into treasuries and still not lose any basis just use the dividends politically.In addition if they stopped following shareholder primacy Bezos could direct Amazon to repatriate profits continually and pay the tax. Stop relying on legal loopholes to lower tax and just pay in best faith and stop pitting local governments against each other in a race to the bottom.Hell they could even send a check to Treasury but spending only a billion lobbying for new laws would be more effective and longer term.--Personally I d like to see something like a sovereign wealth fund that benefits social security healthcare and directly supports the bottom 40 . Look to Alaska as an example.Each bailout the taxpayers should get a of shares for their investment, basically free money from the Fed which is supposed to make its money back anyways. Fannie Freddit TARP is an odd example something more like UAE, Norway but passive and only US companiesGo further and make it part of taxes for the mega corps only. 14 profit a small of shares annually.We don t have to turn into CCP with control over Corporate direction. Simply hold the shares passively.Have to figure out something where corps have no dividends. Maybe a set yearly sale .I think about how beneficial it would be to give 1600 cash right now and match another 1600 to each individual in basically a retirement index fund that is only accessible in ___ years or ___ first time homebuyer etc circumstances like a new type of IRA. Hell the government could take a cut in ___ years and it would pay for itself.
Interestingly I know a lot of people who have done the opposite corporate law IP law patent law to software engineering.
Ensure my financial stability and I ll work on an answer...works for you? -
I find writing like this to be incredibly patronizing. As if people aren t already having polite discussions about politics.That s like saying it s patronizing to read someone saying please don t speed because there s plenty of people not speeding. There s also plenty of people that are doing it, and it s those people that it s aimed at. And that is where America is politically today. There are fundamental facts and values we disagree about.There is benefit in exploring what those are. Just because differences are reconcilable doesn t mean there isn t progress that can be made. There s world of difference in a conversation that is about how you don t care about children women and we disagree on some fundamentals so can t come to a perfect solution, but perhaps some compromise on specifics is possible, even if neither of us is happy . As if people are voting and do not know what they are for and against. The funny part too is that we are at a point where that is least true. Voter s knowledge of their party s policies is at an all time high.But that s only half of it, it s not always what your group is for or against, but what the other group is for or against. I would hazard a guess that voter s accurate knowledge of the competing party s policies are is at an all time low. Sometimes it s not about what your party will do, as much as what you think they ll keep others from doing, if you honestly believe those others are going to take all our guns or the equivalent.There are fundamental differences, but I don t think they are at the policy level, they are far down and inform policies. I ve found little at the political level that I fundamentally disagree with anyone. Usually it s a matter of one or both of us not having good data, and instead going on what we think the data is and how policies should affect it. Nobody wants poor people to be in the streets starving and freezing and sometimes causing crime, but most people don t want to devote so much to that issue that others don t get attention or they can t live their own lives. We re not disagreeing on some help to those people, we re disagreeing on how much help and how much money, and the answer to that is highly dependent on what you think works, why you think people are in that situation, whether they can ever get out of it, etc. Those are beliefs, but I think most people would be willing to reassess what they believe based on data, so they aren t fundamental.
No it s not. It s a conscious minimalist choice. My booksmark bar in Chrome fits 18 links. There is more links than the websites I use daily or even monthly.I think having more links than that it s HOARDING. You have the feeling of creating value by saving the links but in practice you won t use most of them and anyway you have history and search to help you out.Chrome even remove the bookmark bar by default. You have to add it back. That is to say Bookmarks is for power users and the most powerful ones are probably just being collectionist rather than pragmatist.
Small world. I have one of your dad s scopes right here, and I always wondered how they made the optical components.I will think of him the next time I use it.
Given the recent trend of links with Japan in their title maybe the site should be renamed Weeb News.
Or... they re designed for different purposes and not even competitors. XML is a markup language was designed for documents. Try converting an HTML page to JSON. Try something as simple as Hello World! The most common introductory program is called Hello, World . Go on. If you think JSON wins, just do it, and post it below.The problem was when people started mis-applying XML to send data structures, for RPC, and similar tasks. That s not what it was designed for. JSON is a cross-language way of specifying common data structures, and is very good at doing that.
Easy problem to solve. Put all the toilet cars up front, charge 3x for those seats, and say everyone else is complaining about a lords and peasants sort of thing.
He trademarked his image so they don t use it without permission in Spanish
I think the brilliant part was where he got 1M responses to his polls about the problems with Twitter. The timing for that prior to rejecting the board seat was pre-meditated brilliancy.
It s actually comforting to non-believers in a way that religion is to believers. Except it has the benefit of being obviously true.
From my understanding, activating active dry yeast also makes it equivalent to fresh yeast - useful when the recipe you re using calls for the latter. Otherwise you d need to tweak the proof times in the recipe to account for the yeast dormancy.
An ATC will be able to help by quickly getting someone who can help on the phone or in the tower. Finding someone with knowledge of the particular aircraft in question is seldom a problem, especially not at an airport.
Who wants to casual game with an underpowered box on a giant TV screen? Goofy games are fun on a 4-7 screen because expectations are low. On my TV I expect a crazy immersive experience, not Candy Crush .Infinity Blade, Real Racing, etc. show you CAN get crazy immersive experience or near enough thereto that 95 of users won t notice a difference on a phone . Given an iPad Mini retail replacement cost 250 so you know it costs less than that to make take away the HD display, touchscreen, cellular radio, battery, speakers, mic, and most of the flash storage, and you ve got a sub- 99 dual-core 64-bit box that ALL your iOS games - from Candy Crush to Infinity Blade III - can run on right now ... and anything you get for that big screen can, in turn, run on your phone when Mom says you have to get in the car and you want to take the in-progress game with you.
and that s the gish gallop.
It s the politicians responsibility.If you are say, writing IP and finance code, is it your responsibility to seek legal counsel or is it the legal profession s responsibility to somehow find you, discover what you are doing, and then impose themselves upon you?
Once in a while its important for us to take time out from our chaotic and crazy schedules and find some hours of peace and tranquility, where we ask ourselves some simple fundamental questions pertaining to our life, questions that enable us stock check, reflect and discover our exact plans and purpose in life, questions like, why are we still alive?, whats the reason for our existence?, what are we aiming to achieve or aspiring to become in life?.At the minimum I aspire to become someone who can distinguish its from it s and use a question mark correctly.
I suspect it s going to become a massive shakedown racket over the next decade groups will go to tech companies and allege their algorithms are racist sexist whatever, and keep complaining until paid to go away.
You find something I wrote here offensive?Perhaps you think something I wrote here is untrue?It s a serious request Explain why you think I should be censored.
so there s not a clear why on this page, just a download digging for it yields the wiki which says Why Linux? More applications Linux can run many different types of applicatons. No matter what you re trying to do, an application exists for Linux. ChromeOS is very limited. Sure, NaCl Native Client brings the ability to run native code to ChromeOS, but that s a hack at best, and there s still no good software to take advantage of it. With Linux you can install any Linux compatible software, totally natively. Firefox, Transmission BitTorrent , LibreOffice, Steam, VLC Media Player, Kodi Media Center, the GIMP, VirtualBox, and many more are available on Linux to do things that simply aren t possible on ChromeOS. which... isn t true? chromeos can run at least most of those just fine, and has been able to for a while?
You can certainly use the tools for anything you like! We have been focused on working with newsrooms, where we feel we ll make the most impact. You can use the Ask tool to build a form, or Talk to power your comment space.Once we reach better adoption, and we have seen quite the adoption just today The Intercept launched 0 , we ll be able to focus on improving the landscape further. 0
And my brain initially read it as orgasms .TAKE MY MONEY... oh.Ok.
you can use a standard rule set http 80, 443 ssh 22 for administration
I m trying to formulate the problem in broad strokes. I say we have on the one hand huge amounts of wealth in the hands of very few individuals on the one hand, and lots of people that do not have enough on the other. There is a competition for resources and something needs to be changed.I hope you accept that is a fair if broad formulation of the problem.If you are neutral in approaching this, and trying to find an answer, which of the following would be easier a to find a way to take wealth from the rich still leaving more than they can spend in a lifetime or b to micro manage everyone, decreasing population and options for 99.999 of the population?As a problem, any neutral solution would say it is far more equitable and simpler to tackle the smaller billionaire group. Even though the billionaire class could lose lots of their wealth, they would have plenty to live. Trying to micromanage the world s population is much harder. Do you agree?Apparently though, taking the wealth from billionaires cannot a conceivable answer. Yes their corporations have ravaged the natural world, yes they are geared to manipulate us via psychology, indoctrination, PR, etc to separate us from our monetary tokens, but somehow it is right that the population as a whole should foot the bill. Why?But, even the question of what would be the best fairest, equitable allocation of resources is moot. The answer is b and the planned, controlled implementation has been underway for decades, and is finally materialising. Banking, the governance structure, education, technology, media, corporations, NGOs, etc are already managed by billionaires, and they do not want to give up their wealth or power. The institutions they manage have been bent in order to help them achieve their goals, in the name of serving us and the planet. What we are presently experiencing is a long planned move to greater power - it is not history unfolding naturally.We are implementing technocracy, and we will be micro-managed. We will come to see it as neo-feudalism. To the 99.999 it will feel like hard slavery. But even this has been negative outlook had been planned and managed - they want us to choose the micromanagement. If the turkeys vote for Christmas, they want to be eaten, right? We are voting to get rid of cars, constrain our use of energy, move to UBI, etc - our lack of understanding and imagination means we vote for slavery.
2 Don t give free content. Make me pay for it. If I like it I would.You might. 99 of the population would not.
A blind programmer named Karl Dahlke does something similar he pipes linux console output directly to a speaker to get a quick overview. then he uses text-to-speech to delve into the details. I think this hack is less discordant than Dahlke s hack.
My grandma, she s 90 something, and you can bet she s got more hours on Candy Crush than a professional eSports player has on their MOBAS or FPS.Companies that think games are only for young people are leaving a lot of money on the table.
I m curious, what version of Hy are you targeting in your book?
Yes, they re considered ports of entry .
This still has the issue of not being able to use your car controls to control the music, but this with your phone, and plug it into power. When your car turns on, it powers on, pairs with your phone, and spits audio out over 3.5mm to the car stereo.Comes with a 3.5mm male - 3.5mm male plug for this purpose.
Do the robots get basic income too? I mean eventually they re gonna agitate for their rights...
To quote 1 Dave Chappelle- Twitter s not a real place. 1
1. Programming2. Leaning new human languages3. Hiking4. Philosophy and politics5. Extended conversations with good friends about 1, 2 or 46. Gardening a bit
Yahoo bought Tumblr for over a billion. Verizon sold Tumblr for under 20 million. Guess all that NSFW content they banned was worth more than they thought it was...
Sometimes it s possible to stop for a yellow light by braking very hard. I hope Waymo cars don t this when they detect cars behind them, it s unsafe.
With near-record low unemployment and rising wages, conditions are near optimal. It s very difficult to imagine some environment where the people suffering today are going to do better.Conditions are pretty much maxed out.
Without any control mechanisms, human population growth is already leveling out globally correlated with increased material prosperity and opportunity basically . So, there s not really a case for needing a mechanism like that.
And not sure why people are so obsessed with range.Because people like doing road trips, staying away from home for a few days at a time
If your database does ZFS-like checksumming on all of its data, including the structures that it uses to find the data that you put in, and has the ability to correct errors, then no.Realistically though, I don t know if MySQL has this. You d probably be better off using a filesystem that gives these kind of guarantees and running your database on that.
Looks like it executes the commands only on the server where .ssh rc or etc ssh sshrc exists. .ssh rc Commands in this file are executed by ssh when the user logs in, just before the user s shell or command is started. See the sshd 8 manual page for more information.
Just use SQL? A much better language with saner semantics overall.My first and last impression from GraphQL were that whoever wrote it hadn t had a chance to work with other query languages. A lot of the problems OP mentioned were quite on the surface. Had you ever used ORM, you d be very intimately familiar with N 1 problem. Had you ever encountered SELinux, you d be painstakingly familiar with authorization problems. Had you ever worked with XML especially schemas , you d be aware of parsing problems created by exploiting recursive properties of the grammar.To me, GraphQL feels like a project by someone who is very enthusiastic, but lacks experience. If you need more examples of the same the Terraform configuration language not sure what it s called , Neo4j query language I think it s called Cypher , libconfuse, Protobuf, and many, many more... unfortunately.
Have to build cities European-style then with shops and residences closer together.Also, Davis CA is extremely walkable anywhere near downtown and the UCD campus.
The existing solutions all rely on tying every single thing you do to every single other thing you do, which is a very nasty constraint.
You would expect best practices from the Angular team. Why doesn t this work without JavaScript?!
In the presentation today, Apple specifically mentioned connecting to your macOS device as a seamless experience. In my opinion, this will be another content consumption device like an iPad that integrates with macOS devices and is not a replacement for them.
Quite nice. Might do this for the test devices we ve got at work to prevent accidental updates.
I m imagining a stride which significantly changes transmitter-receiver distance or gets big body parts in the way. The Ministry of Silly Walks has a rival.
Information overload will cause great harm and push people to the extreme ideology, as we ve seen in social media facebook, twitter, google etc. the self-reinforced bubbleNow that we understand this piece of information, is the best way to solve the problem more information, or to forget that we ever learned it?
I figured any piece of advice comes with an unspoken disclaimer those not willing to make changes in their life need not apply .
I am a good Bing.
Now the trains have to actually arrive and depart within, say, 5 minutes of the planned time, and we will be in the 21st century finally.
I suspect most people buying these products don t care much about how they re seen when buying these products.You suspect wrong, and you demonstrated why. How do you know that someone is a vegetarian? They ll tell you almost immediately, either explicitly or by bring up vegetarian adjacent issues. These products facilitate that. I personally can t stomach the idea of eating an animal...So you know better than basically everyone who lived and died since forever? Before you launch into the talking point wherein humans evolve beyond needing to eat other animals, can you think of another fundamental part of the human experience that we evolved out of in the last several thousand years? Probably not, which makes this kind of wishful thinking unlikely to work out well. This reminds me of that Australian kid who was so deranged by environmentalist fearmongering, specifically that we were going to run out of drinking water, that he died from dehydration.
And it s not clear that we would want that either. ChatGPT uses responses similar to what people in the training data do naturally. It s completely normal for people to assume some alternative doesn t reach a threshold where its worth mentioning.
interesting,using DRF for json and Django for html at the same time for browser and nonbroswer clients.my use case is embedded systems that can typically do client side rendering in browsers, the only server side rendering I can afford is some simple lua or c c mvc alike backend,Django is too fat on resources. there are some of them but none that is great and actively maintained as far as I know.
Also, prices in some instances increased drastically, let s say something went up 15 -25 in price, and now is going to only go up 3 . That 3 gain is MUCH more than it was before the 15 -25 price increase. Like interest, inflation compounds. This is one reason people are still feeling the pinch of inflation even as it has slowed.It s hard to explain to people as you ve said that prices aren t going to decrease in 95 of instances. Prices are sticky and outside of some goods with high volatility, the prices of 2019 are never coming back. That s a tough position politically too, and one reason I feel despite the economy having done pretty well that Biden is underwater on the economy as a whole. Especially coupled with interest rates rising.
I commented about using any drug entails some finite risk of bad effects. The apparently common belief that designer drugs shouldn t be illegal is certainly not supported by the article.I can see your line of thinking X has risks, X should not be done, thus make X illegal and X will not be done and the risk will no longer exist.But that s not the way the world works. Making X illegal does not prevent X being done. Instead, it creates incentives try and find people doing X and put them through the criminal system. That introduces a whole separate set of risks. And making X illegal reduces the probability that problems created by X will be treated in time. Another set of risks. Etc.The question you should be asking is are the risks of X greater than the risks of making X illegal?
I m seeing a lot of skepticism about these claims of GPT models becoming important in search, especially on here. What people seem to find remarkable about ChatGPT is, that it seems to answer general questions fairly well, but what I find remarkable about it is it makes you feel like it understands what you re trying to tell it. I sometimes make a half-assed prompt not even spelling correctly and not caring, because the GPT will pick it up anyways , and the result from the model seems to repeat to me what I wanted from it.Then it sometimes gives a wrong answer, but it legitly seems to correctly repeat what I asked from it. I think this might be the real killer feature - it isn t currently giving accurate answers, but it is giving people the feeling that they re being understood. Humans crave that, and I find that might be the main reason for its popularity. And the issue of providing the correct information might just be an engineering problem.
Same, no email about this. Time to move anyway.
eating undercooked boar and deliberately swallowing without chewing, seems like you enjoy living on the simultaneously boring and dangerous side.
I ve been waiting for this for years I figured it would be some shock jock saying, Ok Google, show me pictures of child porn over the radio, causing people to panic while driving and that would be the end of stupid, always-on, voice commands.
If anything, I imagine the geothermal system could act to destroy otherwise hard to remove organics, like drug residues. Various dissolved metals and metal-rich surfaces could act as catalysts.Some geothermal systems in the Salton Sea have had issues with deposition of metal sulfides, with the deposits being so rich in silver they are in effect high grade ores including native silver metal . Unfortunately these weren t economical to extract, but they do act as artificial replicas of natural ore forming systems.
Is it just me or does anyone find these type of groups too career oriented? Don t get me wrong, I am a female dev and I m all for equal opportunity and working towards supportive environment for any gender or non-gendered, sexual orientation or no orientation. I don t really find these organisations really that helpful in bringing everyone together. I m a nerd by nature before I knew computers existed and becoming a coder just came naturally to me. Obviously it s not because I m unique and amazing. I just grew up in an environment with a lot of freedom as a child so I wasn t limited to think or act in a certain way. Anyway I wouldn t be comfortable in a group like wwcode because looking at the blurbs on the site it s just too career oriented. I wouldn t fit in at all but that doesn t mean I don t have the same problems these women have. Just because my sex is female I get treated differently even though I don t necessarily feel either female or male inside and I m a pure thoroughbred nerd. I don t feel like climbing the career ladder because I enjoy being the lowly dev as long as there s a bit of freedom in how I solve problems and problems are not too terribly boring. All this, yeah you re a woman, yeah you deserve to get promoted etc kinda puts me off a little bit. I m sure it s all with good intentions but if I m feeling like this a woman imagine all those males who feel threatened by us. That s why I think these type of organisations, even though they have good intentions sometimes fall short at bringing everybody together. Because in the end we all need to come to an understanding and accept our differences to have a truly harmonious society. Also a side point about people comparing computing jobs with nursing or bin lorry operators. You are comparing apples and oranges. There are factors such as money, status, education levels to consider and are different. No one is blocked from becoming a bin lorry man woman and as a kid no one dreamt of becoming one. They add a lot of value to the society though maybe even more than some developers but that s another discussion. Ok rant s over.
But dollars bought on black market were not used for buying staple food or common household items, but generally for buying things say, from foreigners, or in special Beryoska stores that were not otherwise available in Soviet Union at all. Mere possession of foreign currency was a crime, so dollars were not used in normal day-to-day operations . So the black market rate was heavily inflated and is quite misleading too.Purchase parity calculations for comparable goods available in both US and USSR make much more sense although not simple, because of very different price structure.115 roubles would buy 4-5 gallons of vodka, or 25 pounds of good quality meat. How much this would cost in 2021 US dollars?
The problem there is the slide show. Converting a series of slides to a page in traditional vertical scrolling format works just fine. Overriding the back button behavior is just expecting a second wrong to make a right. Ironically, these days I m relieved when I see a presentation is posted as a PDF I d much rather load a PDF than deal with all the shitty and insane ways people have figured out how to show presentations in HTML. Cough SlideShare
What not to do? He made 700m, who doesn t want to do that?
Echoing you concern and somehow related in Germany it is almost impossible to get state of the art software infrastructure on the road for customers of public transit because of the fragmentation of transportation providers. Municipalities run their own systems and while not all of them are actively sabotaging attempts at increased coherence, none of them has any incentive to increase coherence either.If it weren t for the state-run federal railway system, that runs also commuter railways in all German cities and thus can enforce pressure I reckon there would even be no software to calculate a ride from one end of the country to the other. And there would certainly be no product like the BahnCard, were you can use all of Germany s public transit for 4.200 year.
DroneBL administrator here! DroneBL does list many classes of abusive IPs, although most of our listings originate from IRC as opposed to, say, Project Honeypot, which sources them from web spam . That said, though, it s apparently very popular to abuse IRC with open proxies, free VPNs, and many other sources of rotatable IPs, most of which overlap with what website administrators deal with. I am aware of a few sites that use DroneBL to measurably reduce abuse.Note, however, that you may find our listing coverage lacking for web-only issues, such as WordPress pingback spammers, forum spammers not using a proxy or VPN , etc. Especially in comparison to something like Project Honeypot.A layered defense is the best defense. Firewalling, application hardening, rate-limits, hellbans, risk-scoring, etc., especially in combination with a blacklist, can significantly frustrate and discourage attackers and spammers. No single measure other than extensive manual moderation queues will prevent abuse entirely, but the more roadblocks you put up, the more likely the abuser is to give up.
In a world where, as I ve argued, average is over the skills required for any good job keep rising a lot of people who might not be able to acquire those skills can still earn a good living now by building their own branded reputations, whether it is to rent their kids rooms, their cars or their power tools.-- Thomas Friedman, The New York Times, July 21, 2013
Anyone looking to automate certificate management at any sort of scale should read this and use Caddy to do the heavy lifting. I m biased, yes. But the linked doc is multi-authored and applies to every sysadmin or developer who needs to manage certs, regardless of your software choice.
The article called them 5-inch disks, which immediately bothered me. C mon, you can t just round it off. We always referred to them as 5 and a quarter inch floppies.
They are blocked a whole lot too, see my comment in the thread
I really hope I don t have to worry about it for another 10-20 years
Have you ever maintained a large open source project? It is so, so far removed from the pure just creating for the sake of software idea. It is a job. It can exhausting, frustrating, boring, tedious, etc... you trade your nights and weekends for... the creative spirit? The joy of creating?People talk about OSS like r choosingbeggers. Why would I pay you for art? You should do it because it s your passion To be honest, I still love open source, but I have to take long breaks from maintenance because the work side of it -- the tedious zero effort issues opened, just gets to be demoralizing. The next large project will be closed source. I m getting too old and grumpy to do project maintenance for free.
That is what Rye is for.
Do you want to get firemonsters? Because this is how you get firemonsters.
i think they are doing the question more because of general excitement for their venture, than need of an answer
Even if Musk loses the profitability game he will have won in helping to push ICE manufacturers to produce electric vehicles which really seemed to be his ultimate goal considering he said he would open source Tesla technology.
There are well paid jobs in the U.S. robotics market. However, most of them require a U.S. citizenship and security clearance defense grants. .
One can deactivate the safety in the source files.Commercial UI wrappers might or might not do so but should be up front about it.
You ask for it, you got it!
Which is why we try to set these things up in arizona where the only natural problem is heat.
One problem with the market price for tethers is that it is actually very hard to sell them for USD. For example, Bitfinex does not allow USD withdrawals, only Bitcoin withdrawals.
Link for reference
I ve had good results from consistently tuning my feed over the last few years, particularly by excluding low quality sources altogether.I have seen the phenomena you re talking about though. For me it might be a political scandal that I mark as uninteresting, which then shows up again under some peripherally related category.
This suggests a related question. There s no inherent reason why programs other than your desktop shell and the current focused window for window based DEs need to have access to keyboard input. In practice, how good are existing DEs at controlling this access? I know, for example, that the slow move from X to Wayland has removed some of the methods a program might use to access inputs or the clipboard.
You re dictating to your bank they shall not let you money be stolen, right? Perhaps not dictating, but if you thought that was a possibility you would go to anther bank. So they can honour that agreement they are dictating to you how you store your passkeys so they can be reasonably sure people can t use them to steal you deposits. And again not dictating in an absolute sense - you are free to find another way to safeguard your money.
Indeed. Most of what I ve implemented so far can be captured in a blogging service, except for the timezone support but you can still argument that a simple theme with javascript can do that .But I d like to do more with the structural data of timelines, e.g., visualization, today in history, ...
Oh, I didn t say that it would have been brilliant if I had built it. But I ll bite anyway. Or at least provide a couple of thoughts.The index is one of the key components in git, but it doesn t really have a name or label in the UI. Say that it was called index then the current git diff would be equivalent to git diff index , and the current git diff --cached to git diff index..HEAD . Less special cases to remember. IMHO, of course.The same way git checkout index foo.c would fetch foo.c from the index I don t even remember the magic incantation for doing that now . Etc.Also, I still think that using the index should be optional git diff should default to git diff HEAD , git commit should default to the current git commit -a , etc. git checkout tries to do too much. It creates and switches to branches, and copies blobs from the repository to the working tree. The first form is reasonably safe, and bails out without --force if you do something stupid, the second does not. At least for me, the only way to learn the difference is the hard way.The branch-switching should probably be done by git branch instead, and the fetching of blobs by git reset which sometimes already does this, but with very confusing options I never remember the difference between --soft, --mixed, --hard, --mixed and whatever .That s only a couple of changes that could have been made a long time ago. Now it is definitely too late. Even if the git UI could be made smaller and more logical with a huge amount of work , it s not worth pissing off pretty much every git user out there...
Definitely possible that Apple will win the identity wars. That said, I don t agree with the characterization of web3 web5 as having to trust nobody . If anything, all the efforts around identity are meant to allow for bringing IRL notions of trust onto the internet. In other words, the whole pseudonymity thing is not a result of using blockchain, but just the fact that nobody s bothered to add identity verification to a lot of stuff happening in web3. That s changing though.
I ve been using Haze Over for years now. Does this do anything differently than Haze Over?
He s assuming that the designer has a fixed amount of time to work on the project, so less time spent faffing with pixel alignment means more time getting the design right in the first place. I suppose there is also the hidden assumption that if the designer spends more time on usability, then the design will be easier for the user to use. Though from the hostility in your message, I d suspect that you might not believe that.Finally, he was talking about designing for a small, fixed set of screen sizes vs designing for a range of screen sizes, so your final point about your monitor size does not apply.
I agree - I think the Bach and Escher examples throughout the book are frequently a stretch. There s plenty of value outside of these areas, however. I think that without being an expert in each of the fields, we can use our critically thinking to see through the fanciful aspects and get to the core.
I don t have a link but IIRC a single rotation of the largest turbines can generate enough electricity to supply an average home for a day.edit
Creating a local mesh network for cars to communicate is an idea I ve had for a while. Something like an open hardware and software stack protocol for future autonomous cars. It s an inevitable thing that must exist to realize the full potential of autonomous cars, all a question if I d be the one to build it .Would be curious to know the current work in this area.
Cool!
You should solve this problem by simply writing every page backwards from end to beginning.
You know the Pixel 2 has two charging ports and handles this case correctly...
You can get really close to instant and it s about how you build and package your content. If you need to download megabytes of assets and or do complex processing on load you ll be in for a bad time. The fractured hardware base you deal with by making an educated choice about the minimum spec you will target and accepting that people below that will have a worse experience or be unable to take part.
I inverted Desgrange s quote from the Are you sure you need a bicycle with gears? section to point out how the essay contains many assertions which assume the consequence.Pointing to that page therefore seems likely to cause non-fixie enthusiasts to turn away.I m glad that you and many others enjoy fixed-wheeled bicycles. Fixies good. Gears good. Cargo bikes good. Bakfiets good. More bikes good.
Doesn t kerosene burn more cleanly than diesel though? You might save lives from fires but lose them from poor air quality.
Thanks for writing Hacking Healthcare! It s been an incredibly helpful resource working in healthtech.
There is of little significance advocating a company to do that. Unless it s regulated and legislated. Any company who willingly gave up such advantange in cost would be a fool and lost its market due to such policies unless that company has other unique advantange to keep their market position. People like to talk about how they love locally-sourced products until they realized they had to pay double or triple.
Whelp, just logged in for the first time in 1687 days, 19 hours and 18 minutes
I would like see their research proposal to answer some of these questions. That probably won t happen though.
Just as I don t understand the point of NATO s eastwards expansionBecause these formerly Russian-occupied countries want to defend themselves from a future Russian occupation.You can see many comments here questioning why the west should care about Ukraine given that it s not part of NATO. Well, that s why all those countries, and more now, want to be part of NATO.
I was willing to get the job done, no matter what, is what made the difference.Even if it means building something unmaintainable and generally against your principles of good engineering? Many people will do that, but I hope there are some out there who would value a reluctance to work like that.
I think you need more time. If a company offered me a years full pay leave after 5 years to study full time, with fees covered I would valued that a LOT more than all of the other workplace perks available.
To me it is not bike-shedding, but being rightfully indignant with decisions being made not by merit but from a position of authority , completely ignoring the opinion of the majority of people presenting pretty logical arguments in favour of the change. I do not understand how you can defend returning a method call result completely meaningless from the caller point of view by saying that returning an actually meaningful one would suddenly make everyone think that the xyz? methods have to return true false everywhere. This is the kind of reaction you get from people when you refuse to admit you were wrong after it is already clear to everyone you were.
It raises the question, where is the line drawn for FB users of things they will refuse to share with Facebook and or allow Facebook to control?
You can also scan documents from the Files app tap on the circle with three dots
Can you provide some references? This is an honest question, I am just stunned that this did not cause major account fragmentation fat cats splitting millions into 500k chunks . Just googling which, granted, is not truth seems to point to major news outlets confirming that customer accounts were safe.To clarify, I am talking about customers who held money at LB invested in mutual funds or securities. If the account had a mix M of securities before LB collapsed they would have the same mix once the dust settled and LB account was forced to whatever other brokerage. If this is incorrect not for some advanced hedge funds, etc. but for retail customers I would love to know.If you are talking about folks who held LB stock or bonds, they sure did lose money when the company went bankrupt, but that is not unexpected. Stocks fluctuate in price and some go all the way to zero for every Google there are a few KMarts, Sears or Enrons.
Yes, HTTP 2 is finally taking the opportunistic encryption seriously think STARTTLS in SMTP , whereas the pre-Snowden Upgrading to TLS Within HTTP 1.1 never took off one bit.In fact, there are now not one, but like at least four different post-Snowden drafts to the effect of seamless behind-the-scenes encryption on top of the HTTP address scheme, which is the exact solution I m personally advocating for, since it s pretty much backwards compatible with 100 of the existing infrastructure, and effectively has negligible cost, and no tie-ins, unlike the full blown HTTPS .
I would love if this site distanced itself from Twitter, both for the technical reasons you reference and the higher-order impact it has on post quality. I doubt that it can happen given Y-Combinator s obvious industry-wide entanglements relying on a friendly Elon Musk, but it would be great to see. Would make me respect this forum s independence a lot more, personally.
Nix?
Furthermore look at religeon, not a lot of benefit to the individual but the cohesive group survival is improved.There is a very strong individual pressure to conform to your tribe. Humans are extremely vulnerable on their own, but benefit hugely from being in a group. It is therefore of paramount importance for an individual to avoid being outcast from the group. I think it is likely that religion is more or less the name we give to the feedback loop that causes tribal conformation pressure to override rational analysis in an individual s belief selection process. Heck, even look at cells cooperating to make an organism - thats group selection at the most basic.No no, that is kin selection in its most extreme form. Kin selection is very strongly backed by evidence, and differs from group selection in that the individuals have an above average statistical overlap in their genomes. For example, a brother and sister have an average of 50 shared genes, so genes that promote sibling cooperation can propagate more effectively than their complementary alleles, even if that cooperation causes some reduction in survival of the individual.In the case of cells comprising an organism, the overlap in genetic material is 100 excluding anomalies like mutation and HGT , so we see enormous amounts of individual cell sacrifice which prove advantageous in preserving those cells genes by benefiting the other cells in the organism.
Incendiary language is basically what you re likely to wind up with when you discuss politics on the internet. Yes, even on sites like this one vaksel isn t just some random guy who joined the site yesterday.Which is why I keep harping about keeping these types of articles off this site.
You could similarly argue we used the waterflow project management style for a very long time and it worked well .
oh disappointing
I am interested in your business idea, but by the time you get it off the ground, I ll have thrown most of my shit away, since I m moving.
This appears to be the source document
SEEKING WORK - in Barcelona or remoteI am an experienced software developer with a strong background in full stack web development. I have a passion for building API-s and connecting them with single page client side apps.SKILLS JavaScript angular.js, node.js, jQuery , Ruby Ruby on Rails , git, HTML5, CSS3, SASS, Postgres SQL, MongoDB, Twitter Bootstrap, Heroku, C ASP.NET MVC See my LinkedIn for more details about my experience Or e-mail me for my resume andrejdragisic at gmail.com
In Canada we don t do either in public schools. Singing the national anthem is pretty much reserved just for Remembrance Day, maybe with a little bit of practice for a few days beforehand to avoid embarrassment at not knowing the lyrics. Certainly no prayers are ever said at school.
PWAs still show up as apps.
Same here. I m equal parts glad and puzzled that it hasn t been killed. I genuinely don t know what I would replace it with.
Funny to see Cloudflare complaining about being blocked for something they hadn t done, when they did the same thing to Kiwifarms.
I scrolled down because the top of the page was a Google Ad for Google Calendar. I chose to show the first organic result. Here s the top of the page
If you covariance, it s the first example because String is a subtype of Object. List is the same thing as List.The first example is missing some parenthesis, but it should convoy my point.
Do we know why internet search was disabled? Any idea on when it ll be back?
I think the challenge is how do you identify experts? Does a Professor have to earn it over time? Are some professorships worth more than others?
They still prefer men that can hunt and chop logsBut you can t if you have to go to work in the city
What s the best resource to learn Swift? Should I grab a Bluetooth keyboard and go through Swift Playgrounds on iPad? Or is that more for children brand new to programming?
I really like that Lessig is doing this because it is a concrete test of his assertion that money distorts politics.If Mayday PAC raises their money and I hope they do , they will go into 5 House races and attempt to make campaign finance reform the determining factor in how voters choose their representative.If they succeed, it will ironically demonstrate that Lessig is right about the power of money to shape the mind of the electorate.But if they spend the money and fail to make campaign finance reform a major voter issue, it will be a demonstration that money is actually not particularly distorting. I think this is likely voters typically care a lot more about issues or ideology than process. The most annoying aspect of the Mayday PAC coverage is watching tech reporters breathlessly report the most banal aspects of any political campaign, like this Then there s the question of what Mayday PAC will spend its resources on. As a super PAC, the outfit isn t allowed to give directly to campaigns. But it can spend unlimited amounts to promote one candidate over another, or to defend a candidate from attacks. There are even more choices Mayday PAC will have to make. For advertising alone, you can choose from radio ads, TV ads and online ads. You can take out ads on broadcast TV, satellite TV or cable. You can pick the time of day. You can conduct a massive air war that reaches everybody in a market, or you can spend more on selectively targeted ads that simultaneously show one household a 30-second spot tied to gun control and their next-door neighbor an ad linked to healthcare.
I haven t followed this, but changing the screensaver is easy apparently
I am not a fan of electronic voting as it exists today. But, I expected to see someone advocate a blockchain-like trail to ensure election integrity.Also, why don t we have automatic voter registration? Let s pay this cost once and move on.
IMHO, the website was a wonderful and easy-on-the-eyes experience to read.I am visually impaired. I need sites to look like this just to consume them.This was my experience and yours was different. Being able to let the viewer choose is critical so that everybody can use the web.
Here s a report that a Googler used their vast data to spy on and harass people, including minors
Lithium battery fire cannot be put out - in a normal sense. A fuel tank of petrol needs oxygen to burn, and when you spray foam on it your cut off the oxygen and the fire stops.A battery already contains energy, all the chemicals required for the reaction are already present, and once the energy release starts, sealing it from the environment does not stop the process.Ebike and drone batteries are large enough to be properly dangerous and fire departments make noises about them but offer no solutions. A fire extinguisher large enough for a 500wh battery weighs 12 kilos - most people can barely lift that!We have no traceability in the battery supply chain and there is no battery safety box that I could readilly buy. It is not clear if an average metal furniture would contain it. And the regulator is sleeping on the job.
I m comfortable using the round two pin charging ones for things that only use the port for charging, not data, like mice, headphones, radios and speakers.The data ones are almost universally sketchy, as they expose pins and sensitive internal circuitry that should absolutely be kept away from the outside world.There is an emerging range that reduce the exposure somewhat, but I m still wary.
Drywall is used in fire safes for that reason. Drywall is made of gypsum, a mineral with water trapped inside its chemical structure. Heat releases that water, which turns into steam and cools the panel. Note that fire-rated drywall is usually glass fiber reinforced, to keep the panel together during a fire.
Won t work.If you want a technological solution to the problem, use lavabit... I understand they offer a secure, encrypted and reasonably convenient and usable email service.
Perfect example is that article about the Facebook messenger database migration earlier today. Messenger transitioned from an email-like system to an instant messenger.
Oh, I dunno, maybe a company that doesn t exploit and abuse its workers.
OCaml has it too! for records
It was not always this way Citation?
This also shows how much checkboxes mean the last version tested there is Mobile Safari 9. We are currently at 10, which has a huge number of improvements in the area of JavaScript and HTML5 standards.
I what? The hell? Of course I have a problem with the NSA phone metadata collection.
land in the downtown core to build on, this might eliminate New York?I saw one analysis that said New York could easily handle Amazon s space requirements with existing Class A vacancies. The problem is that it s not contiguous. But then, neither are Amazon s offices in Seattle.
I feel like thomas edison after trying yet another filament I have not failed. I ve just found 10,000 ways that won t work.Here s hoping that sooner or later, i ll find some marketing ideas that work. Any suggestions appreciated from the resident HN geniuses, too.
let s assume it costs 4k to mine a bitcoin. If the price were to fall to 10 or some extreme low value, the miners would see no reason to mine. Therefore all activity would stop. But in order for existing bitcoin holders and merchants to use bitcoin, they need transactions confirmed. So this will lead to the price rising to an equilibrium where the miners will mine at a loss and merchants and hodlers will sell at a loss which is optimal for both than if the price is too low.
I fail to grok the vastly disproportionate number of candidates from a military background. At the very least, it gives me a mostly-unfounded perception that the astronaut program must operate on a military-like hierarchy. On the flip side, this gives me great hope for non-government space operations a la Space-X.
I got it from this seller and at the time it was 99. did test random samples from the data against other data providers and I am using it every day an yet to find errors or mistakes...
Lights are normally visible from outside the house...
Yep, I am sorry, I also use tabs this way and I just ran out of time this year. I made the mistake of doing my user testing on a small non tech crowd who doesn t do that so I just missed it
That is truly deepdeep!
Since protein is a key factor in building muscle, is there any reason to assume keeping up with strength training in middle age would direct most of that protein to a better use and keep the balance?I realize the question is bro-science , but I m genuinely interested, perhaps someone educated could expand on it.
I m in my 30s and I don t know which boards you frequented to see so much CP because that was not my experience at all. Most of the criticism around the alleged tons of CP seemed to come from people who had an ideological ax to grind against the site in general.Sounds like a you problem.
How did the middlemen get so much power in the US economy?I think it s always been this way. It takes a lot of work and resources to deal with individual customers at scale. Staffing firms, real estate agents, car dealerships, attorneys, healthcare, etc.Staffing firms, real estate agents, and attorneys are not unique to the US at all. Staffing firms are used by many companies because they don t want to hire full-time HR people to do talent acquisition . Personally, I haven t had good experiences when I ve tried interviewing at these companies, and have always done better by going with companies that do their own recruiting and hiring. People selling their house don t have the time or resources to sell it themselves usually, dealing with all the prospective buyers. And attorneys are pretty necessary if you have non-trivial legal issues anywhere.Health insurance isn t even unique to the US lots of developed nations have systems that look sorta like ObamaCare. But they all do it MUCH better, with FAR lower costs. Someone s probably written a long book somewhere explaining why the US is so uniquely bad here.Car dealerships aren t unique to the US how else are you going to buy a car? , but the requirement that they be independently owned is, and adds to the cost of cars in the US, and I think especially results in a lot of less-than-savvy customers being ripped off with unnecessary charges.The thing I see about the US is that it seems to be uniquely bad at actually fixing problems. Most of these middlemen services you list are natural outcomes of real-world constraints. A company that makes milk, for instance, can t realistically sell it individually to customers all over your city or state, so they sell it to distributors, who distribute it to their retail stores, where customers buy it to take home. Similarly, a small car manufacturer, like Studebaker, can t set up dealerships all across the US, so they partner with local dealerships that are probably selling other mfgrs cars too. Back in the early days of cars, all the carmakers were small, remember. A century later, they re mostly big, but the US made laws long ago requiring independent dealers, and now they can t change.For whatever reason, as time goes on and things change, the US is uniquely bad it seems at adapting and fixing the problem. In better-run countries, they d see this independent-dealership law is no longer necessary, and change it. In the US, it stays, because car dealers are politically connected to local politicians.
So, your godly index is 0.2 PS Same here.
Other than the anticipation of receiving and handling the dvd, why not subscribe to streaming services such as Criterion or Mubi? I did a quick cross check and found that many wonderful films available there are not found at DVD.com.
This X is faster at runtime and python is faster at development time. I wish more people knew recognized accepted this understanding of Python s goals. There is the old but still quite accurate not sure if Guido is the original author, but he at least comments on it. There are also quite a few excerpts going back to the origins of Python where Guido plainly states that the goals of the language are ease, brevity and developer productivity - I ve never seen performance as a stated goal.
What data, and how to present that in an advertisement?
It s in Article III. There s debate as to where the line is for something to be a controversy but there s no debate that there is a line.
For CDN, yes. For DDoS mitigation, no. Before they removed the figure from their website they claimed about 1 5th the DDoS mitigation capacity as Cloudflare.
No electronic system is deemed impossible to hack. That said, the system we have in Brazil relies on way more than just technical measures to ensure the security.There are statistical controls, processes are transparent and follow standards. Parties officials and technicians are involved in all steps.But back to tech, since this is HN, parties can ask for the actual source code, tool chain regular GCC and binaries used and verify the compilation themselves against published hashes. The individual machines do the tally and print public results at the end of the day before any kind of central connection. All the central office does is sum those results.Thus any successful attack must happen at machine level, prior to Election Day. There are hundreds of thousands of machines from many different HW generations being used in a given election all of them air gaped.Loading rogue software without cooperation requires tampering undetected with trusted execution modules that validate binaries twice, before and after election to avoid scrutiny.If you assume cooperation, you have to assume the collusion of way too many civil servants, from high court judges that oversees the processes appointed by parties of different colors, to low level tech folks who operates and validate much of the process.All in all, pulling an undetected fraud here would be a massive, Hollywood-level hacking feat. And in almost 30y no major election came close to being suspect of fraud.
The author s idea of moving events into the name suggests a poor understanding of OOP in general with messages events being the basis of object oriented approach . Ok, maybe he is talking about some special implementation of events but there are a lot of GUI oriented MVC interpretations which use some special events signals implementation without trying to put it in the name of the pattern framework because events are a common part of GUI domain then it suggest a lack of experience.Without the E in the MOVE we have just MOV.Let s talk about Operations now. There are several MVC frameworks which use different names for the classes related to controllers for example Commands . Some implementations let you compose them. They usually live inside controllers _package_. Do the authors of those implementations rename the C into somethings else? No!There are some cases with different names think MVP, MVVM but they have a different form of relationship between the three parts of a pattern. Let s look at the MOVE s diagram. We actually have the original MVC diagram with a strange quirk the controller made from Operations can directly affect the view. Now we have a problem. There are two places in this architecture where the view gets updated the view can get events from the model and update itself oh horror! it s active view! or it can be directly updated by the Operation.This doesn t solve anything but makes programs built with this architecture harder to reason about and debug.There are two ways to fix it 1. remove direct changes on view from controller then we have just MVC 2. stop sending events from model to view and send them to controller then we have MVPIn the end I don t see enough justification for calling it something new and using a special name for this particular pattern. Also this pattern is broken. Talking about the article itself, it s neither academic, nor pragmatic and looks like a blatant attempt at self promotion. It s a bullshit which puts words over meaning and misleads beginning programmers.
That is true. It is sometimes annoying that English speakers so often never tries to learn a new language and just expects everyone else to use theirs.However, one could view it as the only common language between you and someone else and use it for that reason. In my mind the one that know more languages are able to more easily communicate with more people more accurately, and as such have a leg up on teaching and learning from others. These ideas might be able to travel faster since they can travel by English and Japanese. Though maybe that is just wishful thinking from my side.
What ? Is this legitimate or are you being funny ?I m European and have never washed an egg before cooking it in my life. what is this ? I crack it open and cook it and am still here.I do wash my tomatoes when I make a salad with raw tomatoes though. And that s mostly to get stuff off since I d argue my vinegrette would kill all the bacteria.And washing your potato ? I m so confused. Don t we all cook potatoes in boiling hot water ?
if it is illegal to modify the phone until the contract is over you don t have title to it.
I think it shows a lot of potential to turn TypeScript to what C has become.
And sometimes the purpose is a planned economy, and the pretext is whatever it is today.
It s just a website.
Many ToS often contain disclaimers all over the place to the effect of this doesn t apply in cities states provinces countries where the law says otherwise and catch-alls to that effect. Sometimes that s enough, sometimes not if the company still tries to enforce rules in a region where they are invalid then the ToS is simply even more meaningless.
The Kindle app on iOS gets blocked attempting to connect to Facebook every time I open it.
Where did you get that Mac VM from and on which host OS are you running it? That should be a Mac, you know.
I m definitely leftist politically, but I make an active effort to consider alternative points of view. I read center-right newspapers usually the Times, occasionally the Telegraph because I don t like existing in an echo chamber - and I feel like it s far easier to be manipulated if you re reading a news source whose viewpoint you usually agree with.While I often disagree with these newspapers, I still generally respect them - election time excluded, where many papers lose their sense of virtue. I respect them because they respect me enough to limit their attempts to use my emotions against me.This is not the case for the Daily Mail. An example one of many that crystallised this for me, from way back in my youth Europe s switch to the Euro was underway, and the time to switch to euros in cash machines as public currency. The Daily Mail, being very anti-Euro, had to paint this as a dismal failure. It weighed heavily on the fact that people were having to queue to get their new notes. It then followed up with a passage along the lines of At some square in Germany , where Hitler s troops once marched, people queued around street corners to access the new currency Now, I get it. They didn t like the Euro. Quite sensibly, in fact - conservatives in the UK deserve a fair bit of praise for keeping us out of that mess. This doesn t make the quoted passage an acceptable means of delivering news, though.I m not sneering at the Daily Mail because it is right wing, but because its writing style is that of a manipulative propaganda rag. Personally, I think propaganda rags deserve sneering at.
Yup. Twice a day, results show up somewhere before 90 days, ceasing treatment after point appears to continue to provide results. In phase 1 and 2 studies, UNR844 exhibited a good safety profile and there were no treatment-related study discontinuations. In addition, all patients showed substantial near visual acuity improvements by day 15.3,4 By day 91, 82 of patients had 20 40 or better near vision and 36 had 20 25 or better near vision. Novartis expects the drop to be labeled for use twice daily for approximately 90 days. The effects of this dosing regimen have been found to last up to 7 months without further dosing. mentions a marketing file year of 2021 but I have read that they did a Phase IIa trial that should finish in 2022 2023? Can t find the citation ATM
Yeah I agree, I just like people to be straight up about it. In that sense you are building a medium to low quality proof of concept to get revenue. This is the only way many products can ever get off the ground. If everyone knows the costs go way up when you attempt to scale this up that is fine.I come from a consulting background. Many companies are never willing to pay for that jump in quality. You end up stuck, with a customer that doesn t want to pay for improvements but is always complaining about the cost of new features. You have short deadlines and no scope to fix the mess. It becomes death by a thousand paper cuts. You pass by the same mess over and over never given the time to fix it. Knowing it would have paid for it s self if you had been able to do it a year ago. Sometimes this was something as simple as a database script to replace a manual task you are doing over and over. Once I created such a script but was told I had do it manually for the customer until they paid us for the script. It is truly soul crushing.
This is really important to shed light on women developers!
He s missing the point on .xxx. No person with any vague understanding of the internet thinks that they can block pornography entirely from a person interested in getting to it. It s not that hard to get around filters because porn is everywhere online, but it can still be useful to filter it, even though a determined individual can obviously bypass your block. Here s why 1. First and foremost, filtration software isn t just about adversarial blocking. It can stop your grandma from getting tricked into going lemonparty.org. This is a big one.2. Children looking for porn without permission are often under non-ideal constraints, like a time limit before someone else comes home. If you can get fairly good coverage, the kid will have that much less time, and many kids aren t going to invest in figuring out how to bypass it they d just as soon go to their room and fap there, or go to a friend s house where there is unmonitored access.3. Filtration can be used to demonstrate a good-faith effort to keep your network and environment safe at a library or net cafe, for instance . Same principles as number two here if it s difficult enough and the user is under time constraints, they ll just wait until later.There are other good reasons, but that should suffice. .xxx isn t about keeping a sophisticated, determined opponent out, and that s rarely successful no matter what measures you take. The internet is always going to have porn and there shouldn t be any enforcement forcing adult content onto xxx.However, if xxx sees wide adoption, and the xxx sites move off of com redirect , that s a big weight off the shoulders of blacklist and filtration vendors. To be able to block a whole huge namespace like that, where xxx is now hosting 30 or some other significant number of the new adult content that would have been on com if not for the xxx TLD, that s a big efficiency gain, even if you still have to filter com.
It appears that there are similarities in Vue 3.0 with Aurelia, at least on the surface. Things like class based components, proxy-based observer mechanism and the move towards typescript all remind me of Aurelia.Been using Vue 2.0 for personal projects and Aurelia for a big work project over the past year and I have to say I am very happy with both. Personally I prefer the single file components in Vue but the class based style of writing them in Aurelia. Seeing these two things converge in Vue 3.0 together with the performance improvements looks very promising. Not sure that under the hood Vue 3.0 works the same way as Aurelia but the mentioned points in the slides lists array index length mutation and later the observable function are familiar from Aurelia.
Anyone else wondering if they re now part of this guys compile render farm!?
The way we handle that for our Python deploys is to have a separate deploy git repo which includes complete .tar.gz files of all of our dependencies, then have our pip requirements.txt file point to those file paths rather than using external HTTP URLs.To avoid packages sneakily trying to download their own dependencies from the internet we run pip install with a --proxy argument where nothing is actually running on that port so that we ll see an instant failure if something tries to pull a dependency over the network.
There are dumb ads on the internet, look for The Deck network. They claim they make decent money without targeting neither tracking users.
Get people to believe I have a drug that hasn t been proven to work yet despite attempts to do so?? That seems pretty easy.
HN introduces endless scrolling
Exactly the same process for us, also in healthcare and medical devices.
Dear kellenmace - This seems like a great service! I tried to sign up and check out the site but didnt notice any contact info. Could you contact me? Curious if you offer an API facade and or enterprise subscription plans?
Is Atari still the old Infogrames? Or did the brand change hands again?
Check out my own thread earlier up the thread. I think that d be the difference, since she didn t get critical peer reviews on her work which is how we ve decided to do science. The thread is interesting to me because I was recounting fun memories, which can very easily end up to a conspiracy theory. But thankfully, I did not start solving them then.
To scratch an itch. It s been on the back of my mind for a long time.
Open University degrees don t tend to have entry requirements. There are no formal entry requirements for this qualification. At The Open University we believe education should be open to all, so we provide a high-quality university education to anyone who wishes to realise their ambitions and fulfil their potential.
The vertical axis of the graph on page 6 is in log scale - it already accounts for exponential growth, considering we get there in 600 years, which is, IMHO, a very reasonable and I dare to say, optimistic extrapolation.Consider you need more than access to raw materials you need the manufacturing capacity to harness the power source. Covering the Moon with 100 efficient solar panels wouldn t even put us on 1 at the Kardashev scale.
You want to fix the Internet?Easy. Start by releasing a browser with built-in uBlock Origin and a bunch of other extensions that make the internet better strip utm_ crap from URLs, etc .You know, actually do something instead of merely pretending like they currently do. Their current tracking protection is an absolute fraud when you look at the list of domains it whitelists explicitly, and both Google and Facebook are in there. The opt-out telemetry illegal under the GDPR, should be opt-in instead as well as the telemetry for those who opt-out of telemetry yeah you heard that right is just the icing on the cake.
Well the fact you ve posted it here on HN means they re likely to read these anyway so now you ve told them...Secondly you might as well them - you can either work remotely or they ll have to agree to sponsor a visa for you. There s not any way around it, so why waste their time or your time
This made me think about the time I saw a deliveroo rider being carried away in a stretcher after an accident. It upset me to think that I m pretty sure theres a customer waiting for their food and most likely cursing the rider sending angry emails
How about they disallow all the illegal content you are using as examples? Legal speech should not be censored.
Could you give an improved version of the sentence, if able? Thanks.edit Could the downvoter explain why? Thanks.
Similarly, I was shocked when I used a logged out browser in Incognito mode and found that prices on Amazon were always a couple of dollars cheaper than what I was being presented as a Prime Member when logged in. So much for free Prime shipping .
Interesting. I wonder how you go about setting up an rss feed.
It seems with some work, you could make a program that imitated this well enough that it would be difficult to tell the difference. The fact that the artist noted that it took a human touch suggests to me that they feel a bit vulnerable.
Another alternative is is a personal, private email server that won t share your data.The Verge
Would love to see some stats on the number of companies that are prepared to use USDC vs bank transfers. I m going to suspect it s low until proven otherwise.
those often Asian, usually male who find themselves excluded from certain intangible perquisites of American life love, success, security, and belongingI m going to need some actual data on that, compared to outcomes of different gender ethnicity combos.
Dude that elitest crap you re spouting is exactly what killed Solaris.Repeat after me I read the manual pages and it s still crap.Your best source of documentation is the oracle documents they don t map 1 1 to SmartOS. Wanna learn about network topologies in SmartOS. Here s the 425 pages Oracle document that provides a tiny intro to how you could maybe get started 1 When I asked Joyent in 2013 for information needed to improve the wifi stack there was exactly zero interest.SmartOS supports docker images in a really interesting manner. But again it s half baked. It may work fine in the Joyent UI but that s meaningless. This is what a normal person has to do to get it running 2 Judging by the way you talk I really seriously doubt you have any meaningful architecture running on SmartOS that s self managed. If you want to set up a small private cloud that s SmartOS based you re better off trying Danube cloud, but who knows how long that s going to last 3 Compare that to AWS, you have a proper fully documented VPC tool that s Cloudformation, you have a whole bunch of recipes, you have tooling around working around the nasties of CloudFormation. It s just not attractive.You re the zealot here. If I may ask, have you ever contributed to illumos codebase in any way yet? 1
The main reason for me to use Grab while on holiday in Thailand was the fact that not getting scammed by a taxi driver in Thailand was almost impossible for me. I m not sure if this is an issue for everyone, but I dare to say that as much as 50 of all taxi drivers in Bangkok just drove away the moment we asked for on the meter . And this is saying something because we have used taxis at least twice a day for 2 weeks.The second reason was that not 1 of the non-Grab taxi drivers uses anything like Google Maps. So I was never sure if we actually ended up at our hotel or somewhere else. Also because our hotel Aetas had at least 2 locations in Bangkok it made it all worse. This is assuming that a taxi driver actually knows where to go, we ve also encountered multiple times the situation where a taxi driver didn t know where to go.Grab on the other hand always provided the amount upfront and every driver had Google Maps for navigation.Edit I d rather use the official taxis, but the number of conveniences Grab added with a single app was worth it to me.
No, but they base their behavior and expectations on such shows. Life imitates art.
While audience data is valuable for marketing existing shows, it currently has almost no value for creating new shows.Netflix s success story entirely contradicts this. Netflix s whole strategy with their originals is to create lowish cost things that appeal to market segments that they know exist but currently don t have shows anywhere one of their big bets here is international non english audiences .
Where did I say I was a gnome dev?
Thanks, I ll take a look!
They understand it perfectly well. They re part of the Party in the book. They get to tell people like Winston what to censor and change.Your mistake is assuming that a power hungry politician is operating under good intentions.
Rather than contribute to improving the documentation, why not spend hours creating a web site and blog post flaming about the problem instead?
What s wrong with paying copyright holders, then? If OpenAI s models are so much more valuable than the sum of the individual inputs values, why can t the company profit off that margin? That s like a person having to pay a little bit of money to all of their teachers and mentors and everyone they ve learned from every time they benefit from what they learned.I could argue that public school teachers are paid by previous students. Not always the ones they taught, but still. But really, this is a very new facet of copyright law. It s a stretch to compare it with existing conventions, and really off to anthropomorphize LLMs by equating them to human students.
I find the absurdity slightly amusing, if a bit misplaced.
But I m guessing Nepal has a religious government...Buddhist? Wiki says top three Religion in Nepal 2021 Hinduism 81.19 Buddhism 8.21 Islam 5.09
You know you re not supposed to write the symbols in and around the tags by hand, right?
They re both general-purpose high level languages suitable for application programming. The difference isn t so much in the sort of software you can write, but rather what you want your development testing debugging experience to be like.I ve never used Python, but I like Haskell for the kinds of problems where I m trying to do something complicated and a little confusing, and I want the compiler to let me know if I ve asked it to do something that doesn t make sense. That sort of thing can save a lot of time in the long run, and I usually feel good that the resulting software is reasonably robust. I expect a good Python programmer could write an equivalent program, it s just not the way I like to work.Libraries are of course often a deciding factor, and so are performance requirements.
What? No, that s not even remotely how it works. Not releasing Coffee Lake when it was ready would not have sped up the design of a new CPU which fixes Meltdown in any way. The only way that not shipping Coffee Lake would have helped anyone is by indirectly increasing sales of AMD processors.
The only social media I haven t removed from my life is right here, on hacker news. Everything else gave me the same impression as you had. When it s gone, nothing s missing and if anything, something is gained. That was a very uncomfortable realization after using it for over a decade, but it was totally welcome once it clicked.With hacker news, I don t know It doesn t have the same vibe as something like Facebook. We all seem to be interested in the general themes here, conversation leans towards constructive, and there isn t much noise to filter from signals. I wouldn t mind finding that elsewhere, but no amount of feed configuring on Reddit or Twitter ever got me where I wanted to be.Whenever I click a link over to Reddit I get the sense that I really haven t missed anything since the last time, however many months before.
Zapier - REMOTE - full stack engineer.Zapier is a platform for connecting APIs via a simple UI. Most of our users don t even know what an API is. We have some really cool stuff coming this year that you can help us build.By full stack we mean you might be replacing a core piece of the infrastructure with something more specialized yesterday, writing React.js components today and then debugging the wackiest API you ve ever seen tomorrow.We re doing hundreds of millions of API calls for users every week. We re still pretty small, so you can have huge impact, but we are also a real, growing business so you can have a secure gig.
The Chinese government has amassed an insane amount of money and growth during their business friendly periods and is now able to deploy it for protectionist measures.Saying this, you need to mention just how fast they burn that money.I once did a contract for a company that participated in a 1.9B OBOR project, where 600M managed to vanish into thin air, 150M was outright stolen, and the remaining 1B never materialised.The procurator office of the country managed so far to recover 460M from all over the world from the missing 600M.The most shocking out of the whole story was how the Chinese side reacted. Their stance was like You lost 600M, and so what? We have more ....
It makes it impossible for a competitor to dispute the final results. Yes. That s the purpose.The teleology of gamified competition is toward declaring a winner. The rules are structured with that in mind. Those rules are different from the marketplace where protesting and litigation are allowed and consequently, declared winners are simply a matter of opinion, not fact.Accepting mistakes as part of the game is sportsmanship. And it was a game. Best to move on to the next one
Right, but this is because SPARK is intentionally limited. For example, AFAIK, you can t dynamically allocate memory in SPARK. If you write Java code that is as simple as SPARK code, it would also be automatically verified after all, the solvers are the same . Java also has automated verification that does separation logic, and works well with dynamic memory Facebook s Infer .Languages that truly admit full automatic verification and are also limited -- including rich global correctness properties -- are synchronous languages for safety-critical realtime, like SCADE. BTW, SPARK contracts are not so rich. There are many useful properties that you can t express.
EU is not an unrelated 3rd party, its partly the democratically elected the EU parliament and partly the Dutch government the Dutch head of state and people appointed by those.
Ok no one literally cares what you think. Apple is solving a problem and you re just an annoying nerd.
Twitter and Google are not the same... At all.
Nice chart and very similar to our recruitement since spring we ve been hiring Node JS devs only.
Good article. Mirrors my own experience in three ways 1. Immutable datastructures make it a lot easier to reason about data flow and to write correct code.2. Static typing helps write cleaner, more explicit APIs.3. Programming effectively in a functional style is more difficult than banging out imperative code.I wonder why they didn t try Scala. With Google s extensive Java infrastructure that seems like a more logical choice. Certainly the problems they discuss with Haskell s string handling and debugging support wouldn t be issues in Scala.
1. Better usability through a more well-defined standard. 2. Geolocation, allowing for localized data. 3. Video support without basically needing Flash or obtuse browser plugins. 4. Better cross-browser support. Users use a variety of browsers these days. Being able to support more than one browser is essential. 5. Offline local cache, which improves performance and usability. Lose your power while typing in your comment? Still there when you get back! 6. Improved performance allowing for more performant applications.But the real problem is this in fact the most informative and most visited sites I useYou are mistaking yourself for the majority. Therefore, the reality is, none of the above will be better as defined by you. However, if what you are saying is true, then any site of yours using HTML 3.2 would be a better site as a result of using HTML5, as it s more semantic in nature, and as a result, provides better support for providing usability and accessibility.You are free to disagree, of course, but you d be wrong because your reasons are not better than mine.
Not only is that ugly, it s even more disturbing that users need to discover this themselves.
If you have a sophisticated attacker using spear fishing using company information then it s even more effective.I work for a large company with a common email address format, and I m constantly getting personalised emails, complete with my name and vaguely related to my work, advertising training and seminars although I m yet to be targeted by a spear phishing attack .I assume they just trawled LinkedIn to find people working at the company and their role. Our email addresses follow a standard format, so it s trivial to guess what my email address is.We also get monthly simulated phishing emails from our security team.I ve just gotten into the habit of not reading emails. Everything important comes through Slack, my email inbox is mostly automated emails from a dozen different services and company announcements that I don t bother reading.
I don t think the point is to protect against cheating - it s to protect the perception of legitimacy of institutions that are threatened by irrelevance.
I don t understand this comment. In a city like Amsterdam you certainly don t need a car to go to the supermarket or college. I ve lived in cities with far worse public transport and no car and had no issues.
Great article. See also the linkedin comments
This whole thing is a racket. Bitcoin s actual market value is entirely a function of its utility in facilitating cybercrime payments. There is precisely zero actual use for it beyond that. And now that all the biggest names on Wall Street are getting a piece of the pie, we can be guaranteed it s not going anywhere.
One lesson I learned during my masters and my time n the solar sector was that, at scale, financials are all that matters now. During the cold war, nuclear had a huge political push. Espcially in countries building a nuclear strike capacity.Now we reached a point were, during public bidding, solar and wind are cheaper per kWh than Hinkley C that was already three years ago . If the CO2 certificates would just be more restricted, solar and wind would easily outbid coal as well. Last time I checked, which was a couple of years ago, in Germany CO2 certificates ahd the effect that they largely pushed out everything except coal and renewables from the market. Renewables had a marginal cost of zero, so they always got demand. And with CO2 certificates plenty, coal plants ended up the next cheapest power source with dirt cheap fuel. Cleaner and more flexible solutions were thus more often than not priced out, like gas and nuclear.I hate nuclear, because when an accident happens it always carries the risk of being disastrous. But right now, i would make sense to keep alle xisting nuclear plant running and close down coal and oil plants. Sure, we have the risk of an accident, and we have the added nuclear waste to worry about. but we already ahve a lot of waste, adding some more doesn t change that much. And we would buy ourselves time to solve energy storage coming from renewables. And use flexible as plants to cover unexpected peak demand. Not sure if we will ever see that level of long term thinking anytime soon, so.
Best of all, lookups in hashes are still O 1 , making them very quick.Based on the zipmap code linked below , a zipmap is implemented as an array of adjacent key, value pairs. Lookup in a zipmap is actually linear search. There is no hashing. The lookup will run in time proportional to the number of entries in the map.We found this setting was best around 1000 any higher and the HSET commands would cause noticeable CPU activityThis shouldn t be surprising either, as the redis documentation states that If a specially encoded value will overflow the configured max size, Redis will automatically convert it into normal encoding. Their higher level hashing strategy of dividing the media id by 1000 guarantees that 1000 is the maximum number of entries in any zipmap. Setting hash-max-zipmap-entries to anything lower than 1000 means some of their zipmaps will be converted to normal redis key value encodings.
As someone who knows nothing about lower level OS type stuff, I found this article very easy to understand, interesting and well written.Sounds like a lot of fun.Thank you.
An alternative perspective - for people that travel a lot, that 300 grams .6 pounds - is a deal breaker. Also, you really have to be a power user to need more than a MacBook Air can give you in terms of performance - my 2010 4GB 256 GB SSD MBair is plenty fast for me, and I m probably pushing it harder than 95 of road warriors do.It may be the case that people value the mobility so much that Apple isn t dropping the price on the MacBook Air. Or, alternatively, people are no longer buying the heavier MacBook Pro, so they ve dropped it s price.
sometimes I download educational videos and other useful content I m worried might get deletedI ve seen enough stuff on the web not just YouTube deleted that now, I try to always download and archive anything I think I might want to look at again in the future. You just never know when it s going to disappear. These services cannot be trusted to retain anything for the future. with the crackdown on adblockers, I m worried the ability to download videos will just completely cease to exist.I really don t see how this is possible, technically. As long as they re sending data to people to view on their own computers, it s just not possible to prevent copying that data. The only thing they can do is make it more difficult, but unless they change to requiring people to use a proprietary application to view that data, there s only so much they can do while making stuff that can be viewed in a web browser. Companies have been trying to come up with copy-protection schemes for decades and still haven t succeeded the only times they ve arguably done so is when they completely controlled the whole platform and even then, eventually people cracked it if it was popular enough .I think it s always just going to be an arms race between the content purveyors and the crackers, so there will only be short periods where copying will be impossible, until the crackers figure out the new scheme. What s much more important, IMO, is the issue of content simply being deleted or otherwise inaccessible. We see this all the time now.
There is also a noteworthy fork 0 which allows you to design, tune, debug and test your own racing car autopilot using an embedded scripting language 1 . 0 1
In topics like these on HN, people often compare social media SM with tobacco drugs. I still disagree with this comparison.For one, social media is not inherently bad like smoking some drugs.The only SM I use currently is Instagram. I spend 30 minutes or less per day and I m usually happy at the end.In fact I would argue IG made me a better person I got into fitness, helped me connect with a football club I now play with, etc. In the past I used Facebook a lot and it changed my life I found jobs and built connection with people I would have never had the opportunity to meet.The majority of my friends have a similar experience. My father 60 who lives in a remote part of the world uses joy to express his experience with SM.Secondly, on the topic of social media making people feel insecure about something like their bodies . Isn t that everywhere? At the beach? In magazines? On TV? At parties? In school?I m into fitness and I see people that have better aesthetics than me on SM and IRL. I appreciate their beauty but it doesn t faze me. Isn t it common knowledge that someone always have more X than you? And these people are usually the minority?Lastly, influencers react to the market. Anyone who has ever posted content know that wholesome content are usually not engaged on as much as exaggerated superficial content. If people want less of these, maybe they should vote with their likes follows?PS I do realize some part of my comment might not be as practical as simply not using social media at all. But I think we should be teaching people these skills as it applies beyond SM usage.
In addition to pay, a union would also give employees some practical muscle if, say, the company decided to deal with sexual harassment by paying the perpetrator a giant sum of money to go away instead of following up and seeing the situation through to some justice.
Location Northern Virginia Washington DCRemote YesRelocation flexibleFreelance Contract Fulltime flexibleTechnologies N AResume email meemail shabhad gmail.comHi, I m Shoana, a project manager who is interested in project management, people management, product management, supply chain, or customer relations type of work. I recently received a MS in Organizational Psychology from Harvard and a Certificate in Climate Sustainability at Terra.do. I m excited to join and help manage or grow innovative teams and make an impact!I m also technically savvy but just not with programming with stuff like automation!
Care to elaborate why? I ve got a CS background, and I m looking at ITP.
I pay for it.
Comprehension is different than approbation though. Maybe it becomes too philosophical but for me we can grow to appreciate the different perspective of others, what we have in common as human beings, and not judge them harshly because we are not sure we would do better in their shoes, but still actions can be evil.
Considering the country is at war and the degree of sanctions waged against it, I would say 15 is laughable. Similar GDP countries have bigger swings over the same period for more mundane reasons.
I don t think the guy is suggesting phones are great general purpose servers people should host online services on.On their own, they are small and efficient. Proper servers need 10x, 100x, or more power just to boot. Sure, AMD has some amazingly efficient Zen 4 cores now. But cores don t exist in a vacuum. Just spinning the fans on such a machine consumes more power than a phone could even dissipate.
I m sure you can find someone who uses many programs compiled with TCC. That tells me little about the actual prevalence of programs compiled using various compilers.
He was really unrecognizable to me. I would have thought I d recognize his face even without the hair, but apparently not.
Of course they have it, whole western or more probably whole Europe has significant discount for students and I think elderly too, for any kind of tourist attraction. But not 10 or 20x, more like 20-50 of full ticket.
I m not the insider, but I m pretty sure the reason Netflix s browsing UX is so poor is that if it were any more streamlined, it would be obvious how few titles they really have.I suspect it ll get better as they sign more deals and or produce more of their own content.
Reminds me a bit of jafflechutes
Making changes to my .emacs never causes unexpected behavior. It does what I tell it to do.Looking through my .emacs I really can t think of anything that would cause the chaotic behavior you describe. And the only revert I see in the last 10 years of git history is a key binding change that I decided I didn t like after all.The only way I can see this happening is if you copy and paste random stuff from the internet without understanding it. But then what else could you expect.
Welcome to 4 years ago?
Agree here too.It always makes me think of Hemingway and his ability to never use more words than necessary to say something, and at that, always the words that say it best.Someone else picked up on the similarity between the Hemingway rules for writing well and parts of the UNIX philosophy should be noted that Hemingway s fifth rule 5. Write one page of masterpiece vs. 91 pages of garbage. doesn t infer writing complex sentences, but emphasises not using 10 words when 1 will do.
I turn notifications off excepts for texts and calls from my friends. Otherwise, my cell phone is a push-only device. Who cares if someone mentioned me on Twitter? Who cares if I have an appointment? Who cares if some bank wants to sell me some bullshit product? Not me, so I opt out. I just want to use Google Maps and read my RSS feeds on the train.
Pico 8 is based on Lua, so a relatively powerful CPU and lots of RAM are needed to run it.
OhI was hoping it was Alien vs Predator
There must be an uncanny valley effect going on because quite old movies don t take me out of the scene with the lighting techniques because they re so far off you don t get to thinking well this is unrealistic because of course it is. The actors seem to fit into the scenes.I think that s what the issue is, newer films especially HDR, high frame rate... the actors don t seem immersed, everything is being done to hide the fact that it isn t reality and everything doesn t work very well. Like mediocre practical effects would lead to a better experience than advanced CGI.
Only in America....
The engineer says you need to say something or people will die but the person says your family needs to eat . This is the eternal moral conundrum. And the latter justification has led to some historically horrendous events.
A great idea, especially if you do it using webfinger portablecontatcs. This way you just give your identifier, and your profile is automatically discovered.
If the minimum wage were lower, then the Starbucks could open a store 2 hours away from the city. The employees there would earn less than the employees in the city, but they wouldn t have to commute two hours each way either. As it is, the customer base in that location outside the city cannot support the minimum wage that Starbucks is required to pay. Not to mention all of the other costs that Starbucks has wages are not the only factor that keeps them out of small towns and villages. Starbucks is really a luxury product compared to an inexpensive coffee machine.
EMP bombs
I m at the point where I don t answer the phone unless I know the number calling me or I m expecting a call.
The funny thing is that programming has become more male-dominated as it has become more social. Programmers once worked alone, in their own offices, coding quietly with occasional references to manuals. Now programmers are expected to work on laptops alongside other workers, constantly interact with others both on line and off line, and be active on at least LinkedIn, GitHub, and Slack.We re missing something here.
I partially disagree. Assuming you are majoring in something that has some positive ROI and do enough to actually graduate, which isn t hard at most colleges, the party experience can be very supportive of most people s future careers.The social skills, networks, and alumni connections you build at college are a large fraction of the benefit that college gives the average person to further their career.Otherwise, I agree. College is a great time to take advantage of the time you have to change your network, generate new ideas and take risks. And I also agree that most there can be benefit though highly unlikely for some people to not attend college or to drop out.
As someone who s worked on this a lot, this article resonated but I disagree with the conclusions. Or at any rate I feel like my procedural stuff is listenable, though I can t read or compose music. I think the author s biggest problem is the bottom-up approach of creating lots of raw clips and then at a higher level trying to assemble them. I ve found music generation to consistently be a very similar task to text generation, and to me the author s approach seems analogous to generating lots of random sentences and then trying to assemble them into a short story.Everything I ve done that s worked has been completely top down - the core of the engine determines the state of the song we re in the A section, bar 7, the current chord is V V, etc. and the low level parts generate something to match all that. E.g. the melody part might decide to play the root tone of the current chord, but it has to ask the core what note that would be.The hard thing about this approach is that you need an environment where you can dynamically play notes of an arbitrary pitch length instrument, which either means lots of sound fonts or realtime audio gen. I ve been doing this with WebAudio, and while it works it s been very painful - for me the play sounds part of procedural music has more difficult than the compose music part.
There might be a lesson here on how to get a lot of positive press, inform people that you are taking quality really seriously in an indirect way, and don t spend much money doing it.
hard in this case doesn t mean complexity, it means difficulty in an emotional sense
The reasons you give look quite OK to me. As a international, huge project I can understand government who want to participate and make sure they get to understand the knowledge in the project by having firsthand experience.I d say it s more a question on how we evaluate the fact an international organization is working or not. Is it delivering the project s goal or making sure all participants get the most out of the project .
Not sure if you re being sarcastic with that reference, but that was actually an ad.
I take the count of five-star reviews and divide by count of one-star reviews. Oh, it s an 11, that s a good product, I say to myself. Then I check the one-star reviews to see what people find problematic.
Another ignorant question ... so you have a massively powerful microwave beam pointed at a certain spot of your nation. What happens when it misses? Passes over the inhabited land that s infinitesimal fractions of a degree away from the target?From 36000 miles, a few miles is a rounding error. Must take some huge tolerances to keep the beam pointed in the right place.Is this even dangerous, or am I off base? I know they re nervous about nuclear since Fukishima, but unless I m mistaken there s similar risks with this option.
Using a blurred version of the whole image as background is probably better than what the OP is doing, as I understand it he s treating the background as a single fixed color.In particular my use case is cleaning up pictures of whiteboards, where the brightness from the room is not as constant as a scan, and the approach wouldn t work at all.Probably an easy PR for that repo though?
This is no one drives in New York, there s too much traffic levels of logic.
The point is that defund means remove all funding from , not remove some funding from . The person carrying the sign in this photo doesn t want 20 fewer abortions, they want abortions to stop altogether
Many people use dnswl.orgIf you re sending mail, you re crazy if you don t get your sending mail servers added there. It s easy to do and helps prove you re not spamming.I m always amazed at how many people don t know about, or use in reputation checks.
Bread in 2021.... not a recently developed product, let alone a recent invention It s not clear when B M the letters stand for co-founders George Burnham and Charles Morrill started selling their version of the classic New England bread a sweet variety made from cornmeal, wheat and rye flours, and molasses , but like its Necco Wafer and Moxie soda kin, the canned bread has been around so long it s hard to imagine a time when it wasn t for sale.The article has an ad for it from the 40s.
Interesting thought what if every problem is eventually a niche problem , and by ignoring all those niches you end up killing something for everybody?
What about the agency of NPM to not accept packages that are objectively inferior because they contain ads? If I submit purposely crappy code to a public repository should I be outraged if it gets rejected?
Incorrect. You didn t buy it in the first place if there is a contract. That s part of the meaning of Sale .One is a completed transaction, the other is a contractual relationship, and the ease of entering into one-sided contractual relationships on the software age has me thinking we need to take a hard look at contract law to figure out if we re using it in a way that is really helping society in the long run. If you go off the essential intent and spirit of contract law, you should have direct, trivial access to those you re trying to enter an agreement with to alter terms. You don t have that. No one does.
Aren t comments included in the maganize? One would think that comments would become something like Readers opinion ...
How about free sats?
Ah yes, the attitude that put a man on the moon. Nobody else in the world has accomplished this, so why should we even bother trying?
the company i work for doesnt allow us to provide dinner entertainment for clients vendors, nor can we accept offers to be taken out for dinners entertainment.if we do go out somewhere, we pay our ownwe deal with govt and large healthcare corporations, the same policies are the norm among them.we also get these policies hammered into us quarterly through Anti-bribery corruption and code of ethics training which is mandatory for all 30k employees regardless of role.
In the olden days, you didn t need to be officially disabled, you could just have your brother sit in a wheelchair.
Alright, I searched the WP Marketplace for the apps I use most often on my iPhone Reeder, Instapaper, Evernote, Highrise, Dropbox, Nebulous, Bento, Pages, Numbers, Delivery Status, Soundhound, Articles, IMDb, WhatTheFont, Roambi, WolframAlpha, Tax Pro, PCalc, Soulver, MailChimp, myPantone, Prizmo, PicTools, Skype, Colloquy, Instacast, TextExpander, OmniFocus, and 1Password.Out of those 28 apps, only four of them ! are available in the WP Marketplace Soundhound, IMDb, 1password, and Evernote which, according to the reviews, is unstable .Microsoft s approval process isn t perfect either, I noticed some pretty dodgy apps. For instance, there s an app that uses the Tumblr name but doesn t work according to the reviews 1 .Sure, there must be some replacement apps on WP7 for writing, calculation, and editing spreadsheets and databases. But not the apps I like, and which are the result of 3 years testing and learning many different apps.Oh, and from the article TSN Mobile On iOS, you can install an app. On Windows Phone, just go to the TSN website and pin it to your start screen. Internet Explorer Mobile is a terrific web browser this way.CBC News Again, you don t even need an app. Simply go to CBC News and pin it to your start screen. That s hilarious. In an article that promises to show that WP Marketplace has more native apps than is widely believed, the author ends up trying to convince us that web apps are better than native apps. In Internet Explorer, no less. 1
Well, no. However over my lifetime I ve more or less been roped into them.I actually had a family road trip as a kid across the entire United States. This was before ipods and iphones and reading in the car would make me sick... so I pretty much had a solid month of being stuck in one car seat for 9 hours a day ahah. Always hated being in a car since.
Sorry to say, but your friends sound like nuffies.
I have the Thinkpad X22, X40, T40, T60p, X61t. After the X61t, I saw nothing remotely compelling from their Thinkpad line.
Ding ding ding, first cogent, non-hysterical, mature comment on the page!Edit In the spirit of trying to actually add some worthwhile content in my comment Harassment sucks, just like not knowing a core skill of one s job, sucks. But demanding perfection in either case is not a reasonable approach. When someone joins, and they don t meet expectations, you have to tell them they didn t meet expectations, show them the difference, let them know what the expectations are, tell or teach them what they need to know, and give them a chance to remedy it. You document this and all related conversations, in the presence of a third party if possible... usually and preferably an HR rep. If expectations are not met after this point, you are now fully able to eliminate the possibility something was inadvertent, accidental, or due to ignorance, and you have solid grounds for disciplinary action. Most times the employee will learn the lesson and it will never even reach this point.When this woman requested a big deal not be made, she was talking about the type of panicky hyper-sensitivity on this comment thread. MY PRECIOUS GENITALS!!!!Life is full of easy, simple snap-judgments when you haven t lived much of it yet.Firing someone is costly, and in more than one way.People can learn. Think of stuff you did ten years ago, that you cringe at now. You know better now. You learned.
It only happened on iPhone iPadOS devices. It appears to have been fixed.The problem now is that the NS records disappear for hours at a time 10 of the time.archive.is archive.ph archive.today ... which all have proper SSL certsThe hacky fix is to edit your etc hosts 178.17.174.208 archive.ph archive.is archive.today archive.li 23.184.48.154 archive.ph archive.is archive.today archive.li 179.43.151.41 archive.ph archive.is archive.today archive.li 5.188.6.118 archive.ph archive.is archive.today archive.li 94.140.114.194 archive.ph archive.is archive.today archive.li
I m not exactly averse to templates...
I am super excited for the self driving Autopilot to be enabled! I d love to be able to buy a Tesla for my parents.
Companies need to spend more money on customer service. Period. End of story. But it s expensive so they would rather risk fucking over a percentage of their customers in hopes that they can contain any problems.At some point, governments need to step in and regulate this once their customer support to customer ratio drops below a certain percentage. Otherwise it s a form of tax that creates extreme victims and its usually the small customers because big customers can always pick up the phone and call someone.
Yes, that s the one.
I understand, I really do, but consider that in the sadness and duty of clearing things out, she held memories in her hands. Some would have been treasured. She would have smiled more than once.That she spent so long doing this also suggests it may have been cathartic for her.That said, I keep very, very little myself, but for different reasons I simply don t need anywhere near the stuff I have and tend to clean ruthlessly every now and again .I will also suggest that gifts given years ago have far less value now.
I think the parent can be read as an honest request for more details. It doesn t need to be met with snark. Don t take this too harshly - the content in your post is good.
I ve been trying a different way of recording for several years now. Have no way of knowing whether it will be better or worse than photos, but ... Honestly don t care because it is fun for me.When some interesting thing happens with the kids, I shoot an email to their accounts in which I write the conversation, the way I felt, how we admired what they did, what we learnt from them and such things.
Especially in the case of an intubated patient with neuromuscular blockade, I don t think an EKG would be useful. You re already going to have all kinds of fluctuations from the anesthesia, muscle relaxants, analgesics and just from the intubation. I ve read about the use of EEG 1 as a way to detect awareness, but it has serious limitations. Most of all though, many anesthetic agents have a profound effect on the autonomic nervous system, and I don t think your body would react as it would if you were conscious. You probably wouldn t have a significant increase in heart rate, you re already not breathing on your own, you probably wouldn t sweat or cry either. 1
And the dynamic keyword
This sounds like a place that would not be fun to live or work in. Part of the vibrancy of cities and countries is that there is history and, yes, inefficiency.
If I ve got to constantly look between the screen and the keyboard to make sure my finger hasn t wandered off step into and onto continue , then that feels much worse for usability.
It seems that a lot of VC is a multivariate ponzi scheme of sorts, which might explain some of it. If they re making fees regardless, then they just need to show push fast initial growth to attract more layers of investment and it doesn t necessarily need to make long term sense.Chamath Palihapitiya describes this here
The Fourth Law Of HackerNews - Any submission title ending in a question mark will contain at least one link to Betteridge s Law. Please, everyone in the world has heard of it at this point and it s not even a very useful law , please stop.
That s programming language work for physical theoryWell, that would be insanely valuable since it would open up theoretical physics to machine-approaches AI ML . I know many are disgusted by this, but I d love to see a PhysicalTheory-fold equivalent of Alpha-fold chew throw all modern theoretical physics and rank all theories on a possiblity-probability score or sh like that, since the amount of stuff a human would have to go through is already too much...
It s possible to start your own company and still think Musk s ideas are foolish. People are giving millions of reasons why they won t work not because they are haters, but because there are millions of reasons why they won t work.
I think there s another past staff senior where you get to tell all of the other groups to leave you alone, and you re back to being dirty and building cool things. This is where you re most valuable and where they want you. But, you need the confidence that you ve got it handled and you re trusted to communicate as needed.
HR but mostly due to computing being still a young trade and with that unlike many other long estabilished trade they are far more protected and clearer qualifications rewards. Take construction, a contract builder for example in the UK can pay a couple of hundred pound to cover there National Insurance TAX and that s it for the year, no matter what they earn. IT contractors will not only not have access to a equivalent system but now on many contracts get classed by the TAX laws under a law just for them called IR35 that they pay a vastly higher rate without any flat rate option.But when many trades can do one recognised exam and that s it and IT those exams change every year and so do the ones you need with there being no single acknowledged qualification that carries with time. Well you can see how as an industry it is a nightmare when you compare it towards other trades.Put it another way, people will happily pay almost half the cost of the car to have it fixed and the time and parts all get paid for at a rate the garage and part makers all do well.Have a problem with a PC and the true cost in time and effort to fix it can if properly paid for outstrip the total cost of a PC. Yes there is much waiting but the distractions etc do eat more time on an install than if truly costed would not be as cheap. Hence shops will do this in batch s and automate as much as possible, but still. Often easier to reinstall than clear out and de-virus some users PC and they treat you as if you built it and wrote the operating system and thing everything is a 5 second quick fix as computers are fast.But as for HR, well they are in many companies a liability regarding IT staff. Personally had an interview were I had two interviews, one IT manager recruiting and tech geek and the other with HR. HR interview was first and she mostly women in HR, some gender imbalance their that gets ignored unlike other trades said, your bit too young for the type of money your asking for and was very belitterling in attitude.Had tech interview, wiped the floor and was offered more than I was asking for, turned it down as no way was I going to expose myself to such an HR department like that. But sadly seen many unsuitable people in HR regarding IT staff and it is as you say an issue more than people truly admit. How else do you explain rejections for being over-qualified -- those are most of the time HR filtering and you never even make the tech managers desk, though not like the manager is technical these-days either.
Also down sie.sps.columbia.edu enroll
I m a big fan and I hope you see this comment before the edit window passes unlikely, unfortunately You need to get yourself some whitespace in this reply!
The article says those figures were from Google Trends, which tracks searches on certain keywords. It failed to mention if this was explicitly for javascript or if it included other keyword variations as well. Add in searches for jQuery and the names of any popular library or MV framework and I would bet you see a much different story.
The state police responded by saying they would provide the information only in return for a payment of 544,680.Anyone know what Michigan s Freedom of Information laws are like? Half a million seems ridiculously high for a FoIA-type request.
You re spot on.
Why not give customers the choice to run other app stores? Imagine if all the software on your laptop must be downloaded from the windows store..
Strive for deep technical expertise in technologies usedAnd that alone occupies most of my working free time. Not sure how I m supposed to keep up with the rest of the list. To know technologies is one thing, to have deep tech expertise in many technologies is a completely different one.
Something I m unclear about regarding U.S. jurisprudence in general, and perhaps this bill in particular Suppose this bill becomes law, and a regular citizen wishes to help legislators understand the folly of their ways.So he creates a website designed to be an object lesson for the legislators who passed the bill. Through some combination of website design and social engineering, he creates a scenario where the politicians themselves, as well as their friends and families, are likely to violate the terms of service. And in fact, they do.- Are the politicians subject to criminal sanctions only if government prosector is interested in pursuing the charges? I.e., is prosecutorial discretion applicable regardless of the crime?- If the bill allows for civil penalties, are they still applicable in cases where the regular citizen had the agenda described above?
How could anyone possibly know? You maintain spend because Facebook claims it s providing value. There s no way to actually know this with any certainty, and Facebook manipulating their figures doesn t add clarity in the least. That s why this whole issue is important these people are spending millions on ads because of the numbers Facebook reports. Then people are spending millions more on stocks because of the profit generated by aforementioned hand waving.
Start collecting emails using autoresponder courses. Think of collecting emails as asking a girl for their number. If you want a date, you re going to call them, talk to them, get to know them, and ask them out. If you want a sale, you need to develop a relationship with a customer.Collect email from potential users on a landing page. Then, send them email to let them get to know you and you know them. After a few emails, say 5-7, you could say hey I have this great product that makes doing X way easier! . A number of potential users who get to say the 5th or 7th email will then trial or purchase your product if you ask them to. That s like getting the first date. Your product ultimately still has to be good for it to be a long term relationship.Pretty much any email newsletter software worth anything supports some kind of autoresponder series functionality.
I m a PM and PO. I have a scrum team of 5 engineers and 4 QA. Sprints are killing me. It s so exhausting. No rest, ever. And the retros are almost purely negative.
Surprisingly, deleting your social media does not stop other people making posts about you which may be widely read.
Trump is a high functioning sociopath. You cannot convince him with appeals to morality, but his ego might be convinced if you let him know he s gonna be judged when it doesn t work.
?
Good developers have always a project that they are working on. Be either an open source project, app, game, little library, whatever. Working on a take home assignment is just a waste of time, where that person could be working on something useful. Or they could be spending that time with their kids, friends, or just relaxing.The only time it is ok to ask for a take home assignment is when the person is at most a couple of years out of school, and they haven t proven themselves yet.I personally refuse doing to do take home assignment as I have enough projects in my belt that I can show. It is usually a sign that the other party is not mature enough, and they don t know what they are looking for, and once you join that company they will treat like a junior engineer, when you might be past that.
If you are going to waste people s CPU time anyway, might just as well mine some bitcoins with it I guess?Using users browsers to mine bitcoins is doing almost exactly the same thing as this.
Even if I comment on other stuff, I m still going to be watching this thread in case you want to talk.
This is in fact among the best signals, because ripe fruit is a perishable commodity that floods the market in season.When I m casing a supermarket looking for fruit I tend to start with price and then check the goods.
Probably because not all of them are interested in setting their own vim emacs etc.
This was a good attempt, but I don t think this really nailed why designers don t move into founder roles. It has a lot more to do with the psychology of the type of person that goes into being a designer in the first place. It has a lot to do with the nature of art and the fear of failure.The best designers are often frustrated artists that found comfort in design, where perhaps subconsciously they could use their talent without having the success or failure of their work fall 100 on them.Being a collaborative process, design is kind of a shield from artistic criticism to some degree. If it fails, well it was the client s fault. But when you are known as a designer, and known as the founder, all the creative control comes down on you, which is akin to creating a work of art - with product primarily, but also the entire business as well. Everything you do subconsciously reflects on you as an artist instead of as a designer. Its scary. It can drive a creative person to madness, all of the things that go into a company, all the details that are completely fucking wrong all the time and you can t get control of any of them. Its like a painting with paint that never dries, and keeps dripping down the canvas. You constantly need to be painting or it looks like total crap, and it is hanging in the gallery, right now and everybody can see it. It makes me freaked out just thinking about it.So while there are few designers who have made the leap to full-time founding entrepreneur I m fairly certain that every designer has attempted to dip their toes into becoming the founding entrepreneur at least once, hit on this nightmarish reality, and then stepped back into the designer comfort zone with a sigh of relief...
Unions are good for lazy employees because it makes them harder to fire. Theyre bad for the hard workers because they have to work even harder to make up for the lazy workers that arent fired. As someone who works hard I definitely would never want a union.
Thanks. That was probably the first time I have heard an honest comparison of the two editors well, honest-seeming at least -P , although I ve been looking for one for a while. Also, I think you just got me to give Emacs a try. Hopefully I ll still be able to switch into Vim-mode at need heh, so now my life is modal too... Curse you, Vim, you have invaded my soul! Anyway, thanks.
There are politics like anywhere, but nothing unusual.
This relates to the hiring post tptacek wrote Over the years, Brady has come to suspect that the traditional metrics for determining who will be a good employee are flawed. Someone without an arrest may simply be a person who has never gotten caught. I m guessing that you can find better people this way, felony or not by providing an on boarding process with the open expectation that not succeeding there means you re not going to continue with the company.
They didn t get it wrong. They did the best they could with the data they had, which they knew was sparse. However, these estimates all use the same imperfect ocean dataset and share additional uncertainties resulting from sparse coverage, especially before 2007 You ll note here the methodology isn t the issue, but rather the dataset. They ve improved the dataset. why should I trust anything elseWell, technically, you shouldn t. You can look at the data and review it yourself. The problem is, you aren t probably an expert in the field. Which means at some level, you ve already put your trust in the experts at some level.Furthermore, to double down on the they didn t get it wrong comment Our result - which relies on high-precision O2 measurements dating back to 1991 - suggests that ocean warming is at the high end of previous estimates. You ll note here that this they concluded the actual warming was still within the previous estimates. And considering estimates are just that, this further backs up their claim.
It seems like whenever you give web users collaboration tools with proper security vandalism protection , they often exceed most expectations of what they can accomplish. If someone told you about Wikipedia before it went online, could you have guessed it would grow to be the resource it is today?Granted, most of the people who use Wikipedia aren t article editors, but that s okay, and I could see most Wiki-OS users being there to just use the apps, with a minority of devoted developers. Personally, I think this is a really cool idea
It sounds like ansimionescu might have been told that Broadcom isn t a good place to work.
I ve bought a few colorful items recently, 80 s print clothing and a rainbow rhinocerous from Amazon this for reference, because it s awesome and it is strange how transgressive it feels.
The spiral of non-adoption is an interesting blog post someone should write. I bet there are a couple more examples besides the obvious one.
Source code of the physical space on the photos
I have a counter-example for you. Most of the people who are most keen to get back to the office in my company, and a few others that I know about, majority engineers, certainly all knowledge workers are the people who are struggling to work from home. Maybe they re young and or in tiny or otherwise non-ideal apartments or houseshares, maybe they live with a partner or kids and finding the space for everyone to do their thing is difficult.Being able to WFH comfortably is not a luxury everyone has.
That is not true by any history I ve read about it, and I ve read a lot. It would been widely known. It s a conspiracy. Do you have proof of this or just some hearsay from a high level source ? Lots of people claim this stuff but never present solid evidence or documents that are verifiable.
Does Lenovo still sell laptops with malware in the firmware?Not a gotcha question, I am seriously asking. Considering a Thinkpad for my next laptop, but memories of Superfish give me pause.
You appear to be making up your own narrative here.In reality, climate science has gone from somewhat uncertain around 1995 Kyoto to progressively more certain as measurements have confirmed modellable outcomes.Our need to change our behaviors has been increasingly important for the past few decades, it s only become an all-out emergency more recently as it s become painfully more obvious that large amounts of humanity are unwilling to change our economic preferences even when faced with obliberation.
I remember that movie. Her name is Samantha instead of Alexa and his name is Ted and they have long and elaborate human like conversations and fall in love and have phone sex.I wonder how medical records would be handled. Surely Samantha has some opinion on Theodore s mental state. In the movie he was pretty normal. Which is boring, because so many people are not normal.I m old enough to have survived the GTA3 media firestorm. I m pretty sure digital assistants will have their GTA3 media firestorm soon enough.Samantha in the movie more or less did whatever Theodore wanted to befriend him. And luckily the weirdest thing Theodore wanted was phone sex, more or less. But hows this going to work with truly insane people? Should Samantha the digital assistant befriend and encourage and motivate a school shooter, for example? And what happens to PR when its found out she encouraged him? At what point is Samantha the digital personality or her programmer or employer liable for entrapment or encouraging some anti-social behavior? Who has the liability to maintain an API over the internet to the FBI to report enormous amounts of telescreen observed misbehavior? If the user is in fact insane and the digital assistant is unable to work with a crazy person does the owner get a refund or does the crazy person get shamed in public for not having an assistant or ...I m curious if there s already been court cases. As the assistants gain in ability and processing power there will be cases.
1 for more Ted Nelson.I saw a great talk from Alan Kay where he gives an argument that studying historical systems is important for innovation Imagine all the possible directions computing could move toward over the next 50-60 years. Some will be good near-optimal , but others will probably be a waste of time and merely pursued out of fashion, while some of today s good ideas will be dropped and forgotten.Thus in the future, when programmers find they ve reached a dead end local maximum, they might study ideas from 2018 and find a way forward. In the same way, someone who wants to innovate today could be advised to explore some of the paths not taken from the 1950 s and 60 s.
I dunno, maybe around 80K- 100K? In expensive cities, more? At FAANG, more still? A lot of kernel hackers work remotely.
Do you try to look for specific nontechnical traits, like determination? Or do you just let that stuff come up naturally during conversation?
Maybe, although I suspect that these libraries are but a shadow of what will follow the release of generics. Hopefully I m wrong!
And the sellers on AirBnB who don t want to deal with the complicated mess that will causeIf you cannot guarantee clean sheets, working smoke detectors, potable water... then you really should not be offering your house as a place to stay.
That is not what any of those words mean at all. Socializing costs means an externality to bear costs to those not a party to the transaction and their drivers are party to tbe transaction.Stealing by making vehicle owners pay the cost of their vehicles, maintenance, and the drop of value over time? Uber is not entropy itself. Just how would you get that concept? Economic slavery volunteerism just what? That is several different contradictions rolled into one. They are slaves but they only stay around because they are paid and volunteer.
I was being sarcastic, but yes, I do think these threads tend to encourage a groupthink mentality.The vast majority of users like free websites and do not feel like targeted advertising is a serious problem. This was true before GDPR and these silly cookie warnings, and it continues to be true. Likewise, implementing a cookie dialog that requires more clicks to opt out completely is not so morally questionable as to justify the discussion I had responded to.
TrueBut now you have to write it for at least Linux and Windows...
It is very unlikely that the liability could be transfered to Apple in this case. Of course IANAL.
-Jet black is the grippiest iPhone finish everThe only reason I use a case on my iPhone is because without one, when I m holding it, I feel like I am constantly on the verge of a rapid unplanned jettison. The thing is so slick and thin that I can t grip it very well.I m a-ok with micro-abrasions and treat my phone well, so maybe I ll spring for the jet black version.
DNS Spoofing - Cache Poisoning Attack
yeah OK its probably the definition of repl.
Even the CME contract becomes sketchy when you re talking about a meltdown at this scaleCME has Tether?
Note in the early 1990s you could read hard drive content pretty easily with a scanning probe microscope, in fact the bits were lozenge shaped and if you looked close you might find the edges of bits that had been written before and weren t perfectly aligned. i.e. scientists had tools in their labs that were better at reading a hard drive than the read head Back then it was possible you could smash the plates and somebody could reassemble some of the data.Then by 2005 or so the density of the data was high enough that the scanning probe microscope wasn t much better than the read heads, and at that point extreme methods of data extraction got much much harder.
also to the you must have lived to have anything artistic to say... depends on your defenition of artistic. Certainly, in order to reproduce the piano compositions of middle aged European men, it might help to have lived, especially to the age of the composer. Maybe that gets in the way of your only children and the near-dead understand how to play Mozart. Martha Argerich and Pollini say hi, but when they were middle aged. This whole dusty notion of music is the basis of this completely un-artistic, elitist notion of classical music. Elitism is the good pal if monoculture. It promotes the homogenization and dumbing down of the arts and I fear it will do the same for computer programming if we aren t careful to look out for it and push back with diversity measures.
some machine learning algorithmA friend of mine asked GPT-3 to mimic a text written by nindalf . It was so good that I thought it had plagiarised something I had actually written on HN. But it was only mimicking the style of my comments.
Even so, how would one go about defeating such RNG?
Of course it does, but when I pay fora private repository, I expect it to e private. I ve never seen or heard of any evidence that my private code is used to train ChatGPT-4 and or Copilot. So with all due respect, you and the parent aren t making much sense.It would be an incredible breach of trust if MS was found to be doing this.
Seems on par with HP common operating procedure. A decade ago we ordered a couple of laptops that were discounted by 15 . The story on the website was they were a generation past their prime, so they were new laptops being sold at a discount.When they arrived we discovered the keyboards didn t work. HP refused to honor their warranty commitment.HP was removed from our vendor list and that of the California state government agency we were providing support services for.
I dn t knw what yu re talking abut. I have a MacBk Pr and the keybard wrks just fine.
Not really, at least in the UK. You can join any union that will have you, and there are several big general unions. But most employers will only recognise a single union if that per group of workers.So, if you re an academic like me, you can join the University and College Union, and there will be a local organisation, probably a collective bargaining agreement with the university, and so on. Or join a different union and get no local representation and only central office services. There are some places with multiple recognition when I worked in local government Unison, GMB and the T G were all recognised, with membership strengths in different parts of the council but it s often just one. And that s if you re lucky many employers recognise no unions.Of course, the UK also doesn t have the closed shop union membership is strictly optional so there is a competition between member and not-member that keeps some pressure on the union organisation. And each European country has its own traditions of union organisation and different working cultures, so this probably doesn t extend outside of Britain.
63 - nlz 7, where nlz is between 0 and 63lookup table with 64 entries anyone?
Cancel SLS. Cancel Orion.Mass produce satellites and space station modules instead.
i dont think boombing the dam is a popular thing in egypt
Most people used to be farmers, too, but prohibiting industrialization was not the right call.Driving trucks is a dangerous occupation that s terrible for your health, and often takes you away from your family for long periods of time. In a few generations when it s long gone as an occupation, no one will miss it. Getting from now to then is unfortunately going to be a rough transition for some people, but stopping that transition entirely isn t the right call.
I think you are missing the most important part here. These cars are always online and share data between them. They have a detailed map of every street and every road bump and every road pole sign that can be used for navigation. Even if everything is in snow and the camera lidar is frozen and can t see anything, these cars know exactly where they are and where the road is from predictive navigation based on speed, direction, road shape bumps from previous data that was collected from 1000s of passes before that on that very same road. At first AI cars will probably avoid certain areas that have not been mapped. Each car will signal any unexpected road blocks, data will be sent realtime to a human operator who will script a walkthrough in seconds. Such as ok, you are legitimately stuck in traffic right now, just wait or ok, there is a crashed car ahead of you so the right-turning lane is closed, move into the left lane and you can turn right from here as an exception . There will be humans like ATC in all cases.Police and emergency services will just coordinate with the ATC to pre-script routes differently depending on the situation.
According to this, they could be profitable if they wanted to be, but they are using their profits and re-investing in growthWhich is one of the things that differentiates a startup from a lifestyle business. It s the whole point of taking funding and trying to accelerate growth.
zfs is supported in Ubuntu by Canonical, both in the out of the box and recommended sense and the pay-for-support sense via Ubuntu Advantage.Unfortunately, you still can t get a root zfs partition without hassles.
But the SIM card would need to from the particular ISP you are trying to block, otherwise you would be coming out of a different isps cgnat range, no?
2. is configurable with specific caveats 3. I believe this was solved a very long time ago? Don t epochs rollover automatically now? 6. is this remotely relevant? You still want limits in cloud deploys so not sure how this is remotely a consideration given it takes 2 minutes when you first set it up to use best practices settings.
Large cloud vendors can absorb cost of the IPv4 on the secondary market, and thus aren t i rush to deploy IPv6. In fact that creates kind of vendor lock-in.
By what definition is Twitter a monopoly?
Hear ye, hear ye. So very true, and indeed rare. It s the hallmark of great leadership actually. In business or the military.
Is there some open source version of something like rsync that is available to just sync between machines on a LAN? No cloud involved.
she wasnt a musician. music is supplied as a playback that has dedicated composers.
If you enjoy The Settlers you should find a copy of the 10th Anniversary Edition from somewhere - the game has been near perfectly ported to a modern engine without changing any of the actual rules.
That s also assuming the costs would stay the same, which they wouldn t if government stopped intervening. With lower costs, more people could afford to pay for healthcare out-of-pocket, which would reduce the amount of voluntary money necessary to cover those who truly need it.
Heh, I love that we thought of two different but related problems simultaneously!First yours, since it s much cooler. The minimum curve radius is 3.67 km, or a length difference of 18 mm between the left and right side over the length of one pylon.Assuming that all sections start as straight tubes, how much sideways force would that apply on the pylon? For that we need to calculate the flexural stiffness 1 , which for a hollow cylinder is given as EI E pi 4 D⁴ - d⁴ Where E is Young s modulus, and D and d are the outer and inner diameter.Therefore the bending moment 2 M is M EIκ E pi 4 D⁴ - d⁴ κWhere κ is the curvature, equal to 1 r.Finally, muddling through the equations on the bending moment article and treating the tube as a 200 beam with a load in the center yields f M 100 ² 200 not sure about this one A whopping 300 tonnes f of lateral force on the pylons! Probably doable, but it means if your tubes are constructed straight your pylons are going to be buttressed at a 60 angle. Also, note that this only applies to the slip distance 150m, or three pylons , since the tube sections well within the curve will never move enough to be in a non-curved section of track, so they can be built curved from the beginning.Also you can vary the curvature smoothly 3 , which can substantially reduce the forces involved. For example, if you eased into the curve over 30 pylons and it only moved by 3, the sideways force would be reduced by 10x since the curvature is always about right . Further calculations here are left as an exercise to the interested reader. DAs for my own objection Even on the sharpest turns successive pylons will only vary from straight line by 0.15 , so the lateral forces caused by expansion and contraction shouldn t exceed 9 tonnes force. Piddly by comparison. 1 i.e. the curve doesn t start suddenly, but gradually this is how actual tracks roads are laid out. as long as you ease into the curves which is good for comfort anyway , it looks totally doable even without motorized rollers.
dead
Yes.
No, but as an American, it is somehow weird for my fellow Americans to be more concerned with a war between European nations than a war we are actively engaged in.
That s a headline style called the noun pile , at which the BBC excels. This one is tame by their standards but I agree it s jarring to put China and Man together that way .The Language Log describes them here lots more examples examples China Ferrari sex orgy death crash Brighton photo studio jobs misery
user royburden created 18 minutes ago
So, you re saying you don t know about the DEA s use of parallel construction as outlined in their operating manual? Or, the FISA courts, or the various Love-Int scandals the NSA engaged in?Or let s go old school. Remember good ole J. Edgar Hoover? Even before the digital age, the man created enough waves through amplified access via HUMINT that cast a pallor of doubt over decades of politics.There is absolutely no rational reasoning to endorse further centralization to enable systemic abuse. No privileged system will remain free of abuse in the face of those seeking ultimate power. The only way to prevent those seeking it from finding it is to identify the power grab when it happens, and shut it down.I absolutely do not condone the Four Horsemen of the Infocalypse, but let me be clear a world with pervasive and perfect surveillance is a world where the machinery, if left alone to it s own devices inevitably tends toward the destruction of our humanity.I know the religious language may not carry As much weight for some, but I think in this rare case it s the most concise way I can make my point. As sinners, we are born, through forgiveness, repentance, and redemption we grow and cultivate that which as a species is said to entail all that which is generally regarded as being beautiful, and virtuous about us. Part of that, as a societal unit, comes in the form of fighting the most vile amongst us without abandoning the moral high ground.We don t have police procedures and the rules around dispensing justice because we want above all else to punish criminals if we were really out to do that, just point the mob of the majority at everyone they disagree with or deem a criminal and let God sort it out as the most ruthlessly pragmatic would say.On the contrary, though we make it so hard to police, we constrain acceptable methods of investigation, because at some level we all understand the violence inherent to the system, and the inevitability of the occasional employment of it. We rein it that we may in some manner drive it, and live not in constant fear of those that drive it as they too are supposed to be bound by it s laws.It should strike a tone of alarm in anyone when those acting as the executors of the system s mandates begin fighting to loosen the rein. In no case does that bode well for anyone involved left unchecked.
dead
With the right priors - self-driving cars, for example.
Yes. Toggled reader mode in Safari and stopped loading to avoid it
Philosophy of mind can progress, and the immortal can keep up with newly born and educated mortals for a while. Having a few immortals running around is probably not a bad idea, actually, because stores of experience in the form of really old people would be able to give excellent advice.The problem that I foresee is that eventually, philosophy of mind and new schools of thought just won t be able to keep up with the Flynn effect. I ve read things that my grandfather and great-grandfather wrote, and while they were not stupid men, they were certainly simpler than my cousins and I. Eventually, the immortal Homo Sapiens would make for an interesting pet at best.
You cannot just write laws to force Universities to zero out graduate tuition and forfeit all the revenue either, as the Universities would just hike up administrative overhead, cutting a bigger slice from the PI s research grants.What s wrong with this solution? It looks like it leaves the grantors, universities, PIs, and graduate students in the same financial positions, but use a more straightforward and logical way to get there.
Dotcom s past crimes are not relevant. His past actions, or inactions, have no bearing on the crimes he is now being accused of.The judge in the extradition case said in May that Dotcom should have access to the FBI s information. Unless until a court says otherwise, the FBI will need to hand over what they ve got. Can a 44 page document accurately summarize 22 million emails? I doubt it.
This is a great post. No need for the throwaway account! Founders message you 24 x 7. If you don t reply, there s a serious discussion to be had next time. That one is my favourite.
I m not sure if that s true. Many of their use case examples seem to display the data from user s streams, meaning that it s not just analysis.
we use staticman for a static jekyll site, it adds comments via forms and github pull requests. works well if you re not exactly drowning in comments and if only minimal moderation is required.some recent blog articles describe similar systems, e.g.
You do need guys, however, for when things do go wrong, and for all the other farm tasks equipment maintenance, fencing, maintaining irrigation, and so on .How far away is automation of those kinds of tasks, I wonder? I don t have much of any idea, myself.
To offer the converse, I had a very traumatic event in my life and was put on an SSRI, which helped me function. After almost 2 years of taking it, I didn t think I needed it anymore and I tapered myself off very slowly but regularly, keeping logs and setting alarms. While in the beginning I felt some vertigo and other symptoms, I tapered very gradually, and was completely free at the end of my taper. My symptoms never come back and the SSRI helped me make very real progress on my issues. I m eternally glad for my SSRI use and a medical system that knows when to prescribe it, as I would have probably not been able to hold down a at the time, very stressful job during the initial phases after the event without the help of the SSRI, and it probably would have taken me many years to recover. For those that SSRIs work on, it really works.
Lately I ve been kind of deep diving into biological neurons just a lay perspective and what we know about their mechanism of action at the individual cell levelI ve been doing the same for a long time, it s a really fun and interesting topic. I really like reading about each new discovery about something that is computationally important, people don t realize how complex a neuron is and that the scientists don t have the full picture yet.If you haven t looked into it, check out how astrocytes are involved in computation e.g. visual processing , their internal calcium wave signaling and their control of neurons.
So haiku has it?
I m not sure what the practical outcome of this will be, but the quantum woo community is going to have a field day with it. Ugh!
So you don t think an increase in erectile dysfunction should be associated with an increase in erectile dysfunction medication sildenafil ?
OP Zoning laws mean you can t just build large volumes of cheap accommodation. Building codes prevent cheap housing more than zoning laws. It sure seemed like a marginally-informed rant to me.I live on a street that attempted to convert grass-roots to a bike greenway. I don t think I have car brain. Zoning is useful, but imperfect. It sounds like we d agree to be against nimby residential protections of high-end housing, but that s not what OP said. I didn t realize OP s post was just a dog whistle.
This . I ve been working with engineers all my life, and a lot more senior engineers. I ve seen engineering careers plateau after a certain point - plateau at either architect level positions or worse, as a senior software engineer. Longer term, a PM level position opens lot many doors and especially, if you have an software engineering background .
Sounds right. We use Okta for multiple AWS accounts and they ran a bad migration that deleted half our permissions and took a month to resolve. On top of that, nothing appeared in the audit logs.To make matters worse, they have 3 APIs. Two are internal with 1 html and 1 json-based. The external one is the least feature rich and is missing configuration items that make IaC a challenge you get about 80 configured then have to make changes in the gui
Can you describe your phone and software setup? I ve installed lineage before but lately have been a little stuck deciding on my next open phone. I d like to be able to install microg. I don t plan on necessarily using this as a daily phone all phone but have some medical automations that rely on Bluetooth and in a perfect world could have some water resistance or waterproofing.
Mhm, there have always been soft sciences sorry MBAs .I agree that education is becoming a major dividing line, but in my opinion that s because the left is moving towards elitism, whereas the right is slowly embracing populism. Only dummies vote for the others is just a snobby way of saying we lost the working class .
You ve never seen aggressively dangerous driving? Must be nice living there.
my device, my rulesExactly. Companies that actually care about security don t bundle those updates with major breaking UX changes.
STRONGLY disagree. The point of using analytics is to put metrics behind your decisions. You need your data to give you insights, but you need these insights to be generalized to larger demographics.I.E. this type of person that is my potential customer doesn t convert on my landing page.Personal targeting is a TOTALLY different thing. It s not about optimizing technology, it s about optimizing sales WITHOUT optimizing technology.
That s an oversimplification. The Facebook API had a gaping hole in it that allowed third party apps to access data on the authorized user AND friends.Facebook discovers these kind of issues on a regular basis. The idea that they ve clamped down on this type of thing is the joke of 2019.
Thanks everyone for reporting typo, we re fix it soon.
HarperCollins says unlimited access to books isn t commercially feasible - well boo hoo HC! The VAST majority of book authors don t make enough money to survive, yet we still have those books don t we? Maybe youre little more than irrelevant and exist only because youve got the lawyers to back you up.This shit pisses me the fuck off... Where am I wrong?
Tried IMF for two weeks recently, and my mood was so bad in the mornings I had to stop it my wife thanked me afterwards. I m a little disappointed I didn t get over the hump which reportedly lasts 3-4 weeks, and then mood is supposed to stabilize.Anything relatable in this sentence, and any tips to help get over the hump you might have?
Seems like these guys are pretty close like it will eliminate malaria and not mosquitos
I didn t want to believe it, but it looks like HN is highly biased toward anything that has some VC behind it, flocking to it like it s suddenly going to change the world.Considering who sponsors HN, the biases of the community it draws aren t that surprising.
Or, stop consuming so much shit.It s OK to not have everything, you know?
One potentially valuable analysis of this issue is Ralph Grabowski s Marketing to Engineering ratio. Engineering is required to make a product, but marketing is required to understand potential customers and how to express the benefits of the product. Marketing is like the tires on a vehicle. No matter how good the product it is still necessary to know who is going to buy the damned thing and how to reach them so they know about it. Early on in development successful projects spend put more money and focus on marketing than engineering because customers needs and vocabulary need to influence development as soon as possible.
Thanks! Appreciate your kind words.
Any software that combines outside funding with donations has a risk of this right? Unless I m missing something it may just be a personal falling out.The problem is the intransparency in the way things where handled as well. This is the most recent event. There are more quarrels with FreeOffice Manjaro originally planned to pre-install for some reason, but later backpedaled after pushback.
Pretty simple actually. Just running express with socket.io on heroku. Using redis to enable socket.io cross-server messaging.Client side the core engine is built on webrtc. Not using any major client side frameworks.
maybe except versioned backup .And encryption.
ah, yeah their instagram integration is often pretty rough.
The black turtleneck itself is no accident or coincidence. It s a carefully calculated wardrobe choice meant to invoke images of the late Steve Jobs.
... you said you installed ubuntu and smooth sailing.you realize pop_os! is just ubuntu with extra features, right? anything that works on ubuntu will work on pop.and that the dell support staff will have no clue what to say if you call them on the phone and ask them about linux?
Did I just loose all my coins I had with them?
Are there any SBCs which have built in APs that can handle transfers in the hundreds of megabits range?
I don t see the point anymore. Lots of torrent software allows sequential downloads, so I can play them as they are downloaded, assuming the download speed is faster than the length of the video, in a video player of my choice. Usually though when I decide to watch something I pick it for that night, add it and watch it when I m ready, so streaming is not really a problem I need solved.
Because the rule of law democratic processes are being tossed aside to accommodate said bad actors hence the apt moniker.
Technically the thing in the video isn t a walkthrough as much as it is a demo, but in either case they didn t use it as a substitute for proper affordance in the final product design.Like a matryoshka doll, it s best to educate your user at every level of interaction, whether explicitly FAQs, copy, instructions, walkthroughs, etc. or implicitly affordance, appropriate skeuomorphism, etc. .Apple is generally good at both. For example, when you ask for help, an app will both show and tell. Most apps are just tell, instructing you where to go and what to click.Apple Google what, sorry? The GMail filter UI doesn t look like that any more? bad!
Sure, the presence of some collision somewhere is still likely to happen, but the chances that that collision will actually matter for anything is still vanishingly small.In the real world, we do not spend 100 of our entire species s computing capacity generating uuids and doing nothing else. In the real world, we aren t burning through uuids at a rate of 2 billion per millisecond, and even if we were it wouldn t matter because the true denominator is the scope of the data system the uuid will be referenced in if your hard drive partition and my webapp user entry happen to get the same uuid, we will never know, and if for some reason it does matter, then we can use uuidv1 or uuidv7 which guarantee no collisions for thousands of years by embedding a timestamp.
Back in the time we had a complex system to prepare content encoding, metadata extraction, ... , then we tried to shive that to Make free parallelization, partial remakes when sth went bad, for 1 100 the code and almost nothing to install. Throw a GUI to observe the filesystem and voilà. Good times.
Curious why Intel announced this on their community forums, rather than somewhere more official.
There is a fairly decent list at
Although you present it as ridiculous, whether or not 2 2 4 is actually a serious topic among mathematicians. The search term you are looking for is alternative axiomatic set theories . The alternatives may or may not be useful, but a lot of math we use today was not originally useful and it s a good thing people worked on it.I understand that you are concerned about a general distrust of science that stands in the way of human progress. I am too. But this distrust is only partly caused by those with an agenda . The other part is that science is sometimes oversold by zealous adherents. Then, when the results are more moderate, people feel lied to and they grow distrust. Being more critical about science, far from being the problem, is actually the solution to the problem you are concerned about.Elsewhere in the thread the question of eugenics etc have been raised. And I understand you know they are psuedo-science etc., but without you personally labeling all the pseudoscientists how is someone supposed to tell the difference? And if there s an oracle who can tell us what is true or false we can just use that, we don t need science. A more modern example might be this paper tl dr it is a quite well-designed, peer-reviewed meta-analysis published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology from a credible researcher who concludes that precognition exists which is ESP, basically . Now obviously that is bullshit, but A isn t it a little backwards to say something is obviously bullshit when it has strong evidence behind it, B if obvious bullshit can make it through the scientific process what does that say about the usefulness of that process?The scientific method as it is practiced is deeply flawed. It is operated by fallible humans, funded or not to advance an agenda, and so on. At various times it has been the scientific view that the sun revolves around the earth, that electricity exists in two fluids, that flies are spontaneously generated from rotting meat, and on and on. Modern times are actually the golden era for scientific acceptance and its influence on human lives, and yet it is those same scientific discoveries the combustion engine, atomic bomb, antibiotics and mass communication technology that threaten our civilization.Being critical of the scientific method is not only important, it is necessary. The temptation throughout human history is to find some holy grail that will lift humanity beyond its current vantage point. Once upon a time this was actually a holy grail, but in modern times science perhaps due to its effectiveness has often captured this slot in human psychology. But a grail science is not it s a human system with human triumphs and human weaknesses and the sooner we get a realistic picture of that, the better for learning how to use it to achieve our objectives effectively.
works well too.
Another enclave complex in Europe was created when a German railway line was handed over to Belgium after World War I 1 . Parts of Germany ended up on the wrong side of the tracks 2 .. 1
The hermit crabs don t grow the shells. They use snail shells.
The general problem is that there are some APIs which work differently enough between platforms that they leak sufficiently that it makes a difference above the stuff they re supposed to abstract. The browser is sadly as close as we ve been in recent history to having APIs which mostly work across platforms by leveraging the browser which is consequently made by the OS developers on mobile OSes for abstraction over OS stuff. Combined with how everything is in the cloud and the decline of the importance of stuff like local file management for average users now you can lose all your stuff in GDrive just as easily , it s becoming a good-enough choice for making software that works on whatever thing people try to run it on.Java on a phone is nothing new, but the Java for Symbian you d write probably wouldn t work very well on a desktop. VC for Windows Mobile apps wouldn t work well on a desktop either. The web is the lowest common target, even though it s quite a high level to target. We still run into plenty of HCI issues why is there a big fat button in the lower-right on my laptop in GDocs instead of New or File - New action? Because Material is mobile-first and applied thoughtlessly to non-touch experiences , but if you play your cards right, it s now possible to have a codebase, and truly the same app, running on whatever OS and architecture the user has, without specifically building and packaging for 30 different target combinations.
Cool. Didn t know that was universal terminology.
Really don t know why this is downvoted. We had relentless articles like this 0 expecting the complete and total shutdown of Twitter, globally. That never happened and everyone knows that it was pure hysteria. Since Musk took over we haven t had all the downtime and disruption everyone kept claiming we would have. Big companies haven outages too, but so far the death of Twitter isn t in sight.So because 0 did not happen most of the critics are setting a new standard for Twitter uptime to be 1000 globally 24 7, absolutely zero outages of any kind and never down for one person. If one outage somewhere happens, it is immediately the end of the world.It wasn t the end of the world when Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat or TikTok had worldwide outages, but 1 regional outage on Twitter and it is somehow the end of times? Please.The fact is, You are getting downvoted because Twitter is still up and running and many of the replies here cannot stand that predictions like this 0 did not come true and will point at any intermittent issue to show the Twitter is dying narrative.The death of Twitter has been greatly exaggerated. If you really wanted it to die, just ignore it. Simple. 0
You won t be able to see these once they are at operational orbit unless you use a telescope. And, as the article says, future launches will be nonreflective.
Netherlands, on an ANWB, variable, energy contract 0 0 Dutch
Reasonable is not the term I would use. I ve read elsewhere that the rate of home ownership in the UK for 30-somethings is half that of 15 years ago, which is half that again of 30 years ago. Extrapolate that to this distribution and it must have been vastly different for previous generations. Housing has become increasingly unaffordable and those that got in early reap the rewards.I actually looked for figures like those given by the economist on a whim previously, but couldn t find any readily available data. It s nice to see them now. Too bad there s no comparison to what that distribution would have looked like in the past.I can t find exactly the article I m thinking of above, but these two have a similar gist
But do you blend?
I meant less interesting logic bugs, like Oh we never considered the intersection of these 3 different business use cases .I could see a couple ways where the type system could be more powerful than unit tests, but only to the extent that your unit tests didn t cover some obvious cases to begin with. Why not just write unit tests?As for how I could possibly reject the trade-off... I mean, nobody s gonna hire me to code Haskell and my side projects are too systemy and not lispy enough to even consider it.Thanks for the code sample though, I plan on looking at this more later tonight and getting a feel for it barely glanced just now .
I am divided on this issue, on one hand it make it easier to live on the margin. On the other hand it removes the incentive to stay on unemployment vs. getting a job that pays the same amount. Aka. 500 week makes anything under 30k a pay cut after commuting expenses, and anything under 40k a minimal increase.
clean-tech now is climate tech Being a cleantech vet . And if you are converting graphene and hydrogen from NG you aren t climate tech - at best transitional technology, at worst enabling fossil fuels.
Mr. Neumann, who has purchased more than 3,000 apartment units ... The investment thesis for Flow appears to reflect economic and social trends that are driving more people to rent homes rather than buy them at a time when there is a housing shortage.Could that be part of a causal relationship?
Mike Swingler Apple JVM developer said a decade of shipping Java on the Mac and tricking old apps that hardcode paths to the 1.3.1 JVM, or putting in class loader hacks to fake out Xerces XML classes that were moved in 1.5.0, we are ready to try something different.In you loose in a per-app embedded model is shared memory mapping of the native libraries and .jar files, but this is the same problem as a half dozen apps embedding often different versions of the Sparkle.framework to do app self-updates. The cost of the JVM heap is still the same, and class-sharing was never ported to 64-bit by Sun, so that optimization hasn t been around for a long time on Macs.In we recommend that app developers who use the JavaApplicationStub should transition to embedding the Java runtime within their own app. We are working with Oracle on the OpenJDK project to provide an open source version of JDK7 that can be embedded, and several developers have already started deploying their apps with an embedded JDK7 but it requires many manual steps right now .We are tracking the progress of creating an embeddable JRE in Apple s JVM team think this model is better for solving end users problem with JVM compatibility.
The reason they dropped CLR support was because there was virtually no interest in it.
Personally, I think this is by far apple s worst announcement page. Maybe because I viewed it on firefox, at a weird screen size, but the last two panels never loaded for me. The thermal viewer element is identical to the speaker panel sans the cool airflow demo. The huge 500 nits 43 brighter One billion colors Support for 10-bit spatial and temporal dithering. li s are really ugly to me. The panel header text looks nice and big, why do you have to use these super H1s?Maybe I am just bitter here, but the only thing I like is the keyboard
Eh, a bit overstated. None of them killed EVERYTHING, near as we can tell. Not even the oxygen catastrophe you re mentioning.To do that would likely require liquifying the mantle entirely, or some similar scale event.The last big one was approximately 66 million years ago due to perhaps the Chicxulub impact, and it wiped out most of the dinosaurs - but modern birds are descended from them, and the crocodiles and alligators survived well, VERY similar looking ancestors just fine.None of them could build space stations, nuclear reactors, bunkers, etc. That we know of at least. None of them could grow hydroponic food, or communicate at near light speed to the other side of the planet, or even know what any of that means.The entire span of time something vaguely resembling human has been around is also 1 10th of that time, but there have been MANY smaller events with large scale extinctions.I m not saying it would be a good time, but there is no way every single human is getting wiped out by anything except a nearby Gamma Ray burst Supernova, surprise planetary collision, or something of similar destructive scale. Things way beyond even our wildest dreams of destructive power.Even if we launched every nuke every country has ever produced, while civilization as we know it would be done for, humanity would definitely persist. Even if the next war would be fought with clubs instead of nukes.And even if all the oxygen in the atmosphere turned to cyanide - guess what, we do technically know how to deal with that, there are populations of people who are currently protected from that, and while most of humanity would die while we scrambled to adapt, humanity itself would not perish. At least not just from that.
Sorry, I made it overly personal.I was actually pointing out a specific method of criticizing. I can t stand Keanu Reeves, he s on par with a log of wood.
I loved it, but yes I would say those are the right critiques. It worked very well for how it was used to decorate and echo her original text. It couldn t have gone on twice as long with the AI bits without completely falling apart.
This tutorial in Implementing shows how to create a search engine similar to those used on e-commerce sites like Amazon. Share your thoughts!
I get that, and I m saying you don t need someone at an incubator to tell you that.
Does modafinil require a prescription?
Useful until it s deprecated. If you need permanence long term support, use Office and Microsoft s tooling instead of Google products .
they thought of inventing it,How is this different than any other term that was coined? didn t catch, they then moved to todxs , didn t catch, then they said todes , and because people don t naturally use it. They even use it wrongly all the timeThis sounds like natural evolution to me. People try different terms until one sticks. But more importantly, unnatural because if you have to impose it and call me names for not using it, you are doing it wrong.Why? You re calling their use of language wrong . Can t they do the same?
Would you say that a function that always returned 0 or 1 would be more less equally random than a function that returned any int32 with equal probability?I would normally say the latter is more random, because you re getting more entropy per call. In the same sense, a function drawing from a normal distribution is less random than one drawing from a uniform distribution. All of this depends on a computers view of the world, where values are in data types that have some number of bits. In a mathy view of the world where every value is effectively infinitely many bits you get just as much entropy sampling from a normal distribution as a uniform one.
Oh, right I thought per year. I checked and I have about 300 hours of lectures per term, in 10-20 say 20 person classes. This costs the government and me combined about 10000 per year. That s about 300 180 500 20 24000 10000 100x better value for money than what he s sketching in his blog post.
Ok, eventually, if all the properties flip and are maximally developed. That would take many years. And even a quadplex is different than a multi unit apartment building.
Def worth a buy for the kids
I d avoid using Japan as an example for things like this. I won t even mention the whole homogenity thing. It s the culture. Culture is the most important thing. Japanese people, or people who live in Japan, on average more likely give some shit about other people, or the overall society. Shame is also big in Japan, while not a thing at all in most Western, individualist societies. Shame alone can make a Japanese person or someone living Japan think twice about littering. Shame alone makes a Japanese salaryman clean up his own vomit off the street after spewing his guts after a long drinking night. You will never get most Americans to do anything on this level. Hell, they take pride in not giving a fuck about others.
Why is it sending a password at all?, surely it should be at least a hash of the password
On the other hand, they are kids that are building their social models around those interactions, it might be very different from your usually company meeting.
I m not sure it s all that unusual a case. Solar is especially relevant to remote off-grid homes. Unfortunately, these are also prime targets for theft as they re often left unattended for long periods with distant neighbors.Remote off grid homes are a very unusual case. Not saying there is no demand from that segment, but even there is a higher rate of demand from it, it s a small segment of the market vs urban suburban rooftop solar, and I wouldn t expect major manufacturers and installers to optimize for it. Denser populations have a grid, and can just have a large solar installation powering that grid on a large scale.That s already happening today. However people choose to have rooftop domestic solar for many reasons ... to fix the long term cost of their electricity consumption, to offset peak power rates, etc. It s a problem. Solar puts expensive infrastructure on-site, it s a mini power station.In situations where site security is a problem, presumably custom solutions can be put in place by installers to ensure security of the inverters and batteries. It may cost more, but that s sort of the price paid for owning property in a sparse, remote location.
If it s a commonly used item, it would be much more efficient to pay an entry level CAD guy to draw up a parametric screw part. Add in toolsolids of all the subtracts that the component will do taps, CBore, clearance , and supplier call outs. It starts to become efficient.
By that logic, you re forced to work a job, where you re forced to come in on time and forced not to call your manager an idiot.
What cpu do you have?
Filesystems do have timestamps, but they aren t propagated to the root for performance reasons - normally you want file IO to be fast more than you want to be able to quickly test if a large directory tree changed and propagation would make all writes contend on a single lock for the root dir hash ts .Agreed about fs transactions. Not sure about cloning directory trees. I thought btrfs could do it but I never used that feature. You might well be right.
I must be missing something, but China is actually doing bad things now. The Japanese internment happened 75 years ago. I like to think that the West has progressed since then. That s not say that everything s just fine and dandy, but there is a clear difference between the West and, say, China today.
I imagine they may just be the only two that the poster knows about. It s not like it s a radio button poll, though. It s enough to spawn a discussion. Someone that knows can respond in free-form.
That Israel has exactly zero interest in peace with the Palestinians. Continued conflict is the perfect excuse for continued oppression and occupation. The insight came as a flash - and now I can t understand why I didn t see it sooner.
Tech companies can t even manage to leave San Francisco s outrageous cost of living and rising crime, much less the United States.
Tend to agree, with particular attention to the peeve that hit me in the very first sentence the phrase career lawyers. Like I m supposed to think Ohh, THESE lawyers are experienced and smart, not like all those hobbyist amateur lawyers the Attorney General of the United States usually consults with! How dare he countermand these particular infallible and always-correct lawyers!!
I use an app called AdBlock creates a local VPN that sets up a local filtering DNS. I just added the following domains to the block list facebook.com fbcdn.com fbcdn.net fbsbx.com fb.com
The issue as I understand it is that having a discussion with a Trump supporter gives their views a platform and potentially exposes other people to them.Arguments that wide-scale non-white immigration is detrimental to white societies, that the black-white IQ gap includes a non-zero genetic component, that biological differences exist between men and women, etc. cannot be refuted through rationalism, so we have to resort to other methods to prevent their spread.
That s OK. There were many engines before Google that were forgotten. It is completely possible that Yandex search for average Russian is better than Google but my impression is that it is not my impression might be wrong . I know that there are some services that Yandex does better than Google in Russia.
The name got me straight away, i wondered if it was someone from indonesia who was building it because i recognized the name as having the meaning of value in indonesian as you mentioned and what do you know ... its close .Good luck with it, hope it goes well. And salam to your dad from one who also has roots in bandung !
Meh. When I m passive aggressive it s when I m trying to surpress my annoyance about something, but it sneaks out anyway.
Not sure why raised public attention would reduce credit card usage. People like the convenience, and I don t see why they would care that it shaves a few basis points off of merchants margins. You ll notice that in transactions with razor thin margins, credit cards aren t accepted, restaurants being the major exception.
I noticed it with CNN back around 2008. I don t remember the specifics these days, but I do remember Glenn Greenwald really making a lot of salient points about the direction that CNN had taken. My inner conspiracy theorist has also spent a lot of time wondering if it s just divide-and-conquer in action.
403 is unauthorized forbidden due to authorization policy .401 is unauthenticated not logged in .Very important difference for clients handling authentication state.
If you are encouraging the people you manage to make personal decisions which benefit your employer more than they benefit those individuals then it s very possible you re running afoul of this. They would likely be things similar to what s described here not my stories, just realized they re relevant to this question .
As a data point, many of the links on that page to the mapbox.com website are 404.
You ll have to give me an example for that. Having static types is more expressive than not having static types, but I think types make designs easier to make and understand. const is just another layer to the type system.
I wonder if someone tried reaching out to tpope? I think that guys influence on the vim ecosystem is understated.
No it won t. Xwayland does not use SIGIO or threads for input, it gets its input events directly from the poll loop of the Wayland socket.
I don t know about the current version, but the past version was definitely not multi-platform. In this 1 blog post they explain how they moved from .NET and WPF native to C also native on Windows, in the transition from version 3.5 to version 4. 1
In the last release I added a module rapidfuzz.levenshtein which allows calculating a normal levenshtein distance and a weighted version where substitutions have a weight of 2 this one is actually used by FuzzyWuzzy for ratio calculations . But when there is interest in other weighting options I can add a version that allows to pass in custom costs for insertions, deletions, and substitutions
Is there 10G residential service where you live? I am not sure I have heard of anything above 2G, and even that was just a future plan last I checked.
What a weird question. I went down to the bottom and clicked on the name and found a very thorough bio.One could also click on literally any of the other links on the page. What critical credential are you looking for but not finding?
I ve been technically blogging on my own site for 12 years, and a number of years before that on another platform. I d say around 10 of those posts have made the front of HN.I struggle to a come up with things to write about and b get motivated to blog which is probably the reason for a . I also feel that it s a lot harder to reach people now ...not sure if I m writing about less interesting topics, or if my previous year-long hiatus drove away my readers. But whatever it is, it feels a lot more like a chore now than it ever did.
I think that s a very limited view.A lot of people that retire from their careers pursue other interests that fulfill their needs, maybe it will be the era of amateur artists everywhere. Others prefer to manually do tasks that can be automated.Others could engage in cooperation with robots because humans will always have creative desires.
Wait so because women don t typically spring to mind as programmers they should have changed it from the original?
Why, by 2030, computers ought to be even slower!
Great site. I used it a few months ago and learned so much
You might not like what you find anyway...
Perhaps more clearly would be any HTTP request that LinkedIn believes is in violation of their terms of service will be denied. It can be hard to know when the first request arrives if it is someone scraping the site or not, but once it is clear that it is someone scraping they actively deny all future requests. If they could know that the request coming in was going to be a scrape and not a page view they would preemptively deny it.
Sure, if both sides agree to a one state solution, then its not annexing. But Israelis doesn t seem to like the idea and Palestinians don t seem to like the idea, so that seems unlikely.
Instead, we should do a better job of understanding what rights entitle us to, and then simply afford those rights to all people, whether or not they belong to a majority class, a protected class, or an unpopular minority.This is just a first step. We also need to understand what the actual barriers are to progress, and address them.Let me give a good example. A few years ago there was a fascinating longitudinal study that started with an equivalent group of blacks and whites. All educated, young, middle class professionals in similar jobs. Following them forward 15 years, the whites by and large were still middle class professionals, but a large portion of the blacks were living in poverty. Proof of racism, right?Not at all! Their data had more detail in it. One of the factors that they were able to control for was fiscal planning. One was whether people understood the value of creating savings for themselves so that they could handle short-term challenges like a layoff. When they controlled for this factor, blacks and whites were identical. But more whites knew to do this, so they did better.The solution to this particular problem is NOT to give blacks more opportunities and preferences. It is to make an effort to educate the black community the importance of always living within your means.
If that s true, it might not be very effective. Having seen the show a fair few times, I have only the vaguest idea of what the Sharks interests are, other than FUBU--basketball owner? something to do with QVC?
Care to share a bit more detail on how you did this? Was there some interfacing library that you used analogous to Cython SWIG etc.? Presumably you didn t code directly against the C API in python.h ?
Yet places like Arizona are famous for their lush green lawns and golf courses.
It s both. They have the same name.
I d love to know if working like this is enjoyable or a chore.
Yeah, but archive.org is run by a reputable non-profit with strong governance and support, which we can be fairly confident will remain operational for the foreseeable future. Who runs archive.is? How certain are we that they will be around 1, 5, 10 years into the future? How certain are we that the links will still work?This is archiving that we re talking about, after all.
You aren t subsidizing McDonalds labor cost. If McDonalds paid them more, they would be paying more than the revenue that s attributable to them, and creating a net loss by hiring them and they simply wouldn t do it.As a society we have decided that people deserve a livable wage. That is a good thing. Minimum wage laws are a distorting way to accomplish this because they put a cost that should be borne by society no-skill workers should have a livable wage and force it on industries that employ workers with no skills. Subsidizing the income through government transfers is frankly a more equitable means of achieving that goal.That being said, in such a regime however minimum wage laws are necessary, not because McDonalds is exploring the workers, but because they are likely to exploit the government.
If I m going to spend time talking to an idiot I d strongly prefer it at least be possible for me to convince them of something.
Well done Jeff- hope to be able to emulate that. Pretty cool that he knows his Star Trek, too
I hope one day Europe stops trying to kill the human rights of its people.
But liquidity is the issue here. In the event that this happens, how long would it be before you could have access to your funds?
I d give cxx a shot. I ve only written c bindings but I ve heard great things about it. This library provides a safe mechanism for calling C code from Rust and Rust code from C . It carves out a regime of commonality where Rust and C are semantically very similar and guides the programmer to express their language boundary effectively within this regime. CXX fills in the low level stuff so that you get a safe binding, preventing the pitfalls of doing a foreign function interface over unsafe C-style signatures. you re interested in chatting with a random inexperienced student about a month into writing his first Rust bindings I d enjoy sharing approaches. I m dzfranklin on the Rust language discord. If you re not already aware of it the channel black-magic is great for getting help with unsafe code
Because we re really feeling the consequences now. All over the world.
For Apple, updates often mean some subset of the full operating system updates, or a crippled version. Whereas Google updates tend to be all of nothing - meaning if your phone does get the update, it gets all of the features of that particular version.Eh? Aren t you swapping something here? On Apple you get OS updates with nearly all features for at least 5 years, of course they can t create a NFC device into a phone that doesn t ship with one... I would love to see _any_ Android phone with support for 5 years, that does not come from google directly. it would be a no brainer if something exists in the 200-300 range. because I don t care which phone I have, it just needs to be long liveable and have a price below 400 . currently I use used iPhones, which I get relativly cheap.
And some others will look at the incompetence of 1 person team and use it as a reason to takedown the whole government...
I would love it if smartphones were offered with the option to opt out of a legacy phone number, and instead just a data plan. most of the calls I receive are marking or pure attempts at fraud.
It can log anything you want model config and evaluation metrics along with git commit hash of the code that was used. You can also put pointers to datasets. Easy to compare experiments and choose a model or repeat experiments.
I bought a Nexus One, it can no longer run the latest software. The software it has is buggy. I will never buy a Samsung, but maybe when the next Nexus comes out, hopefully by Motorola.
I think it s quite easy to identify if in a given situation it is possible for an enterprising competitor to appear, or if there is some artificial distortion that prevents such competition from appearing such as in your example.In your example, the real problem isn t that they re charging artificially high prices for water it s that they re not allowing water to be brought in and then surprising attendees with high prices.If you want to fix that problem, fix it there. You could either require people to be allowed to bring water in for obvious public health reasons, for example , or require the event organisers to prominently include the price of water in any advertising that includes the event ticket price, or require them to provide free water again for public health reasons and include the cost of supplying that in the ticket price.
Problem I have with this is web UI work doesn t greatly benefit from typing - and when it s introduced in whichever way - the apps frequently start using type in conditionals, and generally leads to extra code for no clear benefit.
I actually feel Mikko the folks at f-secure are very good at explaining things to people who aren t everyday virus fighters, but i felt the exact same way you did like they were scaremongering when they said The Nightmare Scenario. I m on the fence about this issue, honestly. Part of me feels like they believe passionately that we re stepping into new, dangerous territory. The other part of me indeed feels like this is great advertising for not only them, but their industry And they re going to push it all they can .But the fact of the matter is they admit they can t protect you, whoever you are, from these types of targeted attacks. I ve seen well respected speakers from Defcon go back and forth with Mikko on Twitter about the efficiency of AV.It sucks you re the parent being downvoted but this is an issue, what with the incredible amount of FUD that comes with every serious attack.EDIT My mistake in misspelling Mikko s name. Sorry about that.
Tariffs do decrease competition and lead to higher prices for consumers....but...there are certain industries important for national security where a country may wish to subsidize an industry like building renewables or use a tariff against a country like China that is trying to corner the market through nationalized companies. Because those companies are a wing of their government so to speak a free market company can t compete and eventually all you have are Chinese companies for these critical industries and they can dictate policy to us.
I m sure I m not the only one who plays with the goal of getting through the most screens. The score is just a number, but seeing the cutscenes is the prize. Although, I m not that good, so I don t think I ve made it to the third cut scene.
This blew me away According to Home Office figures, between March 2022 and March 2023 there were 18,395 firearms operations in England and Wales - the Met Police accounted for 20 of these. In that time, there were only 10 incidents across England and Wales when an officer opened fire at a person, the figures show. Compare that with 48 just for NYC in 2022
Heaven forbid!
export const Child2Animation Co.Repeat Co.Seq Co.SetState Child2.Updaters.Core.a replaceWith 1 .then Child2.Updaters.Core.b replaceWith , Co.Wait 250 , Co.For Range 0, 3 _ Co.Seq Co.SetState Child2.Updaters.Core.a _ _ 2 , Co.Wait 250 , Co.SetState Child2.Updaters.Core.b _ _ . , Co.Wait 250 , Not only is the code pretty self explanatory.Is it though?
What? The chunnel cost 26 billion in 2023 equivalent , and is 31 miles long. That s nearly a billion a mile. This is by no means cheap yes yes cheap is a comparative term , tunnelling is absurdly expensive and not realistic.It s impossible to make the case for thousands of miles of underground tunnels that will add no benefit what happens when something goes wrong? you can t simply overtake when something inevitably goes wrong three train derailments per day in the US , it s underground so it s hard to access fix problems etc etc.It s a foolish, expensive idea, when the US struggles to take care of it s own railway systems.
SoftICE still holds a super special place in my heart, but WinDbg is infinitely more powerful these days than SI ever was, especially if you re using it from another box or from your host with a Windows guest VM .
Ummm... if you have infinite power to pull carbon from the atmosphere, don t you also have infinite power to launch radioactive nuclear waste at the sun using mass-drivers? Sounds like that would be a lot more efficient than what you re proposing, too, since it s all fairly concentrated.The whole infinite power from space argument seems problematic. Even assuming you just meant a large, globally significant amount of power , I m guessing that the inverse-square law and heat buildup would sink the idea. I can only imagine the dead zone surrounding the location where we beam petawatts of radiation down from orbit. It would make our worst ecological disasters look like a joke in comparison.
I have never flown with them but did work for a startup airline for a few years. Reputation is low-cost, no-frills airline. I believe you only get a personal carry-on under seat free. Everything else you need to pay for.I ve heard compare to ryan air in europe
To be fair, those are some of the most skilled drone operators in the world, and you ll notice that they never once flew over the roadway.I m not excusing it, or saying there was no risk - but I will say that it s not as risky as it seems at first glance.
The Aeropress is a great device for brewing a single cup of real coffee.
Pretty sure Amazon is pro-patent see one click You hit on a more important point the real issue is the patent law. In East Texas there s a certain ideological slant, and it sucks for legitimate companies. But in the end, they re merely implementing the law. Pretty sure punishing a municipality because of verdicts in a federal court there would result in a fist in the mouth from the FTC. Marshall, Texas, or Boston, or San Francisco, or wherever, results in zero change - the real effort needs to take place in Washington DC.
There used to be open source firmware for Samsung TVs called SamyGo, it would be great if it were ported to newer ones so the ads could be replaced with Kodi or similar.
i have not any idea about it.
That s because Google sniffs Firefox s user agent and serves it an older, less featureful version of Google Search. One that doesn t support AMP. Spoofing Firefox s ua-string to appear as Chrome will get you the full Search experience, including AMP.
The constant expansion model works for some apps, but not for all of them.I appreciate the free upgrades as much as the next guy, but without the paid-upgrade option niche products will suffer.
My employer recently required meDid everyone at the company take it?
I wonder what information properties can be inferred from the characteristics of the avian audio signal.Are birds sending specific data packets eg weather, food prospecting geocoordinates? Or are they entertainers like Frank Sinatra or Dolly Parton?And could we decipher the language by studying data in context eg food hunts, mating rituals, predator warnings?What might Claude Shannon make of these spectrograms?
Oh it s Free in the normal way. In that they sell your new address to marketers. I stopped using it years ago when I moved and then started getting catalogs for what felt like every business out there.
It s a funny contest, but not much to get worked up over. Unless the contest grabs the attention of CNN, we re talking about a contest in a relatively small market, and at a bargain for Microsoft.While it would be nice if every IE user switched to Chrome, better folks download IE8 than plod along with IE6.Still, I wonder why IE8 is the only browser capable of cracking all the clues ...
This entire article fails to mention what iterationless development actually is....so what are some examples please!!
It s that close flyby of the sun that always gets me.
We want to make money when people use our devices, not when they buy our devices. Apple made money both ways, on device sale and much more so when they used the devices, and bought mp3s, and movies, and apps...
Yes, you are probably the only one.
The problem is that it isn t mutually beneficial in terms of the next election cycle.
Exactly, anxiolytics may be used to treat acute anxiety but become dangerously addictive when taken over a longer periods of time.
Will do, and likewise!
The argument here is that highschools are underfunded, therefore any money that would have to be spent on scrapping univerdity tuition should be spent on highschools instead. This would be a sound idea if the government weren t conservative and hadn t elevated austerity to a quasi-religion.
Thanks for the information.The shortwave frequencies still feel very underutilized. When I scan the FM 88 - 108 MHz and AM 540-1600 kHz radio frequencies, I pick up a lot of stuff. The shortwave band is relatively vast and feels very sparse. Considering how valuable spectrum is these days, it s hard to believe that we couldn t find a better use for it. Is it because it is so prone to noise that it s less valuable?
google, HN, techcrunch
Perl has demonstrated itself to be an effective tool for experienced sysadmins to write single-purpose or throwaway scripts, but applications spend most of their lives in maintenance. It it always a false economy to make things difficult for maintenance programmers, even unintentionally.Pretty much everyone I work with has been burned by being handed some legacy Perl to maintain and as a result we are very reluctant to do any new work with it. The payoff for rewriting in Python is that the technical debt incurred for using Perl in the first place is repaid.
Would this still have the same impact it did in the 70 s?Cars today are much more aerodynamic than they were 50 years ago. That almost certainly changes the economics of such a change drastically.
I m not a big fan of SF and have only been twice but I see the appeal. There are a ton of job opportunities for tech workers yes, there are a ton of opportunities for SWEs just about everywhere but SF is another level, especially if you like startups . Weather there is almost always reasonably comfortable. You re on the ocean. Mountains for skiing snowboarding, hiking, climbing, whatever else you might want to do are close enough that you can reasonably drive to them on the weekend. And it s got all the standard big city things diverse selection of really good food, live music, clubs night life, an lgbtq scene, art, just lots of culture in general.
People generally say Azure suits the enterprise, AWS suits tech-driven companies i.e. those where the CEO knows what an API is , and Google supports special hobby projects. Google is probably awesome but nobody trusts them to not just abandon the whole thing in a few years time.Amazon and Azure are going to be around for at least a decade.
Space is only at a premium because it costs more to have more space.The real question is how much space are you willing to sacrifice for energy self-sufficiency? In the UK, electric bills hover around 1200 a year for electric gas households and 2000 a year for full electric.Renewable households will have a HUGE potential market.U.K. Residential market is 26 million houses. Theoretical price point of 1500 dollars one years energy cost 39 billion dollar market not including the massive combined secondary services in maintenance, installation training providers, parts, etc.USA residential would be 6 times that and the provision of renewables to corporates is almost incalculable.It s an entirely new economic ecosystem divorced from petrochemical.It a price point higher than 3000 dollars we are getting into a market cap of many trillions worldwide.
I m not seeing anything happen... just a map, and a bunch of xhr-polling requests I m assuming from socket.io ... - using firefox 13 on Win7
Hopefully Chris Cunningham is attached to it. He has all but vanished over the years but would be the ideal director.
Physical space is the answer. Board is very small.
Personally I enjoy it and consider it the best thing to happen to my career. Couldn t do it all day every day but doing support on the side is rather enjoyable IMO.
Then what do you use?
it is the 1 related term duckduckgo firefox as of just nowalso compare them jumped about as much as ddg recently, but that s a blip on firefox as a whole
There are issues with using in an URL, if you plan on using the URL in a way that s compatible with the extant software out there. I remember - I remember the Rails community trying to use which broke Mongrel 1. Mongrel s parser was generated from the RFC. There was a huge flame war about that back in the day. The Rails core team at the time thought that Mongrel should make an exception to a reserved character. And after all was said and done, it got changed back to for that particular use-case .- When working on IPv6 support about 3 years ago, one of the things I added to an open source Ruby project was IPv6 literals into the URL. This was a case of using . Even though this was defined in the RFC specifying the literal, I found out at that time the Ruby standard library was written in a way that assumes you would never have in the URL other than to delimit the port. I ended up having to do some workarounds for that.That s with Ruby. I wouldn t be surprised if many other extant libraries parsing URLs that might break -- at least not without escaping those characters.See don t NEED . You NEED some sort of delimiter that can clearly distinguish between database and dataset you happen to pick to satisfy that. There might be a different delimiter that works better.The other option is to not pretend that is a URL and call that something else.Post-script I think this project is a great idea. I m looking forward to see how it turns out.
To that end, Jordan Peterson s lectures on the Bible did me personally a great service in bridging the gap between these seemingly opposed worldviews. JP is considered by many to be a Christian apologist and has done a incredible work in describing a completely rational and sympathetic view of Christianity. I can t recommend highly enough his lectures freely available on Youtube. Having listened to most of them, he completely dispelled from me a variety of common athiest notions and revealed them to be the thoughtless propaganda that they are..For example, it is commonly understood that religion and science are always opposed. However, it s rarely ever mentioned that Christian theologians for centuries consistently modified their belief structure to reflect reality as their understanding of reality improved. In other words, quite often if there was a seeming contradiction between doctrine and observable fact, the doctrine was changed, as opposed to ignoring the observable fact.Obviously there are exceptions to this, like the Inquisition, or other dark periods through history. Religion is not without it s faults, but that is true of any principle around which people organize. The important part, for the materialist, objectivist, or athiest is recognizing the organizing principles as being somehow useful to people prior to the refinement of the scientific method. I assume that those people gained real material value, and to dispose of what those people believed without extracting and maintaining that value is simply destructive.
Well, it either ain t APS-C or it ain t 35mm.. 35mm equiv F2 lens is by it s very definition, not 35mm.That said, I see they stuffed some AI and gimmick filters in there. It seems like a very uninteresting camera.
Fences don t maintain themselves, and I don t think we should give either side a pass. The town should have a general tradition of tearing down unjustified fences and keeping documentation for the justification of fences. It shouldn t be assumed there was a good reason, the party installing the fence should have presented an argument for the fence in the first place.Chesterton s argument is that we should assume there was a reason in the absence of an argument for the fence. This is only the case if there s a proliferation of necessary, unjustified fences. We should not let that sort of situation emerge in the first place.
I imagine you can t just shift liability by paying.You need to have an understanding they can actually do what they say.Just like I can t pay a 6 year old to drive me car and then blame them if they crash.
Here s an alternative 0 from Sendwithus worth checking out. 0
They re assumptions based on anecdotes.
Same reasoning applies to new keywords.
Used ClarisWorks all the way through medical school. Your software made a presentation on Rh incompatibility in pregnancy easy on my PowerBook 1400. The presentation is still there on the hard disk.
If you try to define a vector space over a set without multiplicative closure, the vector space cannot be closed under scalar multiplication. Among other things, linear combinations stop being invertible or even possible in general , and linear relations don t exist.Mind clarifying this part? As someone else already pointed out, the integers are multiplicatively closed, but I suspect you re using multiplicatively closed to also mean closed under multiplicative inverses . But I don t see how linear combinations stop being possible, e.g., 3x 2y is still a linear combination in a Z-module, or what it means for a linear combination to be invertible. Also not sure what exactly you mean by linear relations not existing if you have a module and not a vector space...
dupe
I circulate air in my house every dayMight be hard to do that in really cold weather. I live in a place that s very warm and the windows are always open, so I can t relate.
I love Ruby, but I always wonder if performance will be an issue if there re many things happening on screen especially on mobile. Does anyone has any experience?
Check out react-codemod 0 for practical React JavaScript examples. To give an example with explanation, in the v15.5.0 release they deprecated React.createClass 1 in favor of regular ES2015 classes, with a fallback to a module. 0
A few questions - Is your company mainly a software company?- How much time do you spend on a week on maintaining your servers?- How do you make sure that your servers are secure? Maybe you are being hacked every night, does your company have the means to check if there has been a security breach?- Do you follow apply the security patches for the OS you are using on the server and all the software you are using on the server?- Do you have regular offline backups? What would happen if there is a fire in your offices?These are some of the reasons to go for a cloud solution, especially when you are not a software company hence you don t have many people who have the knowledge for setting up maintaining such stuff or when you don t have the resources to hire dedicated sysadmins.
The trouble is that s only possible with the CA s cooperation, because they have the ability to backdate the certificates by falsifying the date. In the case of WoSign Mozilla threatened to distrust them completely if they did that, but if it s unfeasible to remove a CA that threat may be ineffectual.
Nah. The context of all of this is people claiming LLMs are AI. If so they would be able to reverse A is B, and also know when not to, so your example is irrelevant.The paper shows that it cannot reverse. Then the blog posts goes around different disingenuous ways of making excuses for why it can t reverse at the same time as trying to show that it can reverse in the Tom Cruise training example extremely disingenuous because it s just the same data over and over with synonyms replaced, and what he gets out of it is just completions, not logical deduction .
LLMs seem very well-suited to generating written specifications, like they do with writing the code itself. They can even help with the define problem part.
On the other hand, powerful people who wanted to harass you or hurt you have had access like this for a long time.It s how I feel about facial recognition technology or other ML-based technology too. The worst people who could ever have access to it, already had access to it. Giving everyone access to it is just leveling the field.
It was reported in early summer of 2013 and fixed in the fall of 2014? That s not very encouraging...
Of course, when I last tried installing stylish-haskell last week , it insisted on taking non-compatible broken dependencies. Yes, on a clean environment.When I learn more Haskell, I may succeed to figuring out what s wrong.
You can choose not to use the library created by OP for your websites and not share it with your friends. Stop selling your hatred bullshit as some sort of a standard that the entire planet must adhere to.Hackernews should probably strip out the word hate and its synonyms because as it is it is painful to see smart people going full dumbass on this forum.
In Japanese, the formalizations of polite speech vs impolite speech are significantly more rigorous than in English. So much so that different words and grammatical changes to words occur. You can insult someone by saying I watched my boss be given an anniversary present by their boss by using the word give word which implies the recipient or the giver are a lower social status than you the observer.
I bought winning lottery tickets. Hard to beat.
Not being able to link to just video is a bigger issue.
I think they are running on pi 2 but their hardware is open flyingPi
FYI, you can simply clone an overleaf document using git, and work offline, pushing changes after
Nationalism is okay if the nation is being oppressedDefine is ok
I didn t know about these dates - is google just done making pixel books at some point before then? I ve had mine for years and I can t imagine going back to anything else.
Endless Legend Space2 Humankind too.
Yes, that same logic can be applied to Preact, inferno, and maybe even Angular2. But those who spread FUD are those who say you shouldn t use React because it has the patent grant attached.
I like your best practices, and I like the format that you ve used Don t do this Do this instead Why .
Serious question so basically wikipedia is the only use case?
The source is a direct email from a Google.
If you are distinguishing SUVs from crossovers, I m not sure what you consider SUVs to be. The SUVs that are popular are crossovers. Thirty years ago, SUVs were body on frame trucks based on pickups, but that is a very outdated concept that has gone by the wayside.
Not being a downer, but really, is there any usefulness to this at all?
Moby wrote a song about it in the 90s
I saw a posting for a full stack engineer last year with a rate of 20 hour. It was temping to apply just find out what they expected. I can only think since this was a startup they were trying to fill a seat to look better for investors because having a higher headcount would seem impressive?
It looks like Amazon SES itself supports personalized emails as another person ITT mentions sure if any of the 3rd party scripts offer it though.
We re a mixed team here, people dabble back and front - the backend work is so elegant, simple and pure compared to frontend work.Everyone here prefers to work on the backend tasks...
At mentioning all admins and developers in general on a PR is bad etiquette. Look at the title of the PR here as well. Merge ASAP ?I think this is highly dependent on your org. Usually you should look at previously merged PRs and follow what they were doing, if they mention admins developers then it should be fine to do so.I agree that with the admins ping and merge ASAP it seems that this particular PR is kind of terrible from an etiquette and usefulness perspective, but PRs with little usefulness and bad etiquette don t make it to the top of HN every day.I am merely saying that the sending notifications to 400k people is a side effect that is entirely Epic Games fault, not the author s.
3-4 years of subscription approximately being equal to a license sounds reasonable.Which is probably why the apps on the App Store which offer both subscription and lifetime pricing tend to have the latter at about 3 times the cost of the former. But Little Snitch Mini does not offer that choice.I d be willing to pay more than 40 for a one-time purchase of Little Snitch Mini, but there s zero chance I ll do it as a subscription.
I recommend trying davinci-003 as well.
No where near enough info here to actually stump up so much cash - but I do like the idea of AI glasses. I already have to put them on my face and carry the around and pay a lot of money for them, so this could be a good way in.If Apple sort out Siri though my Apple Watch is gonna be suddenly very useful
The ARM Cortex-based RTL8710 seems to sit halfway between the ESP8266 and the ESP32, and perhaps has more toolchain promise. Same library documentation problems, of course.
Have you moved the the rc for 0.9, yet? If so, is it stable enough to rely on in your opinion ?
Boardgames night with friendsWhich board games?Interested to know.I ve only played a few in my life Scrabble, Monopoly for very little time , Careers, carrom if that counts, chess very little, I usually lose soon, although I won a few games , a 3-D version of tictactoe, with four points on each axis, IIRC. That last one I enjoyed a lot.
You re joking, right? A sizeable number of people here on HN read the comments before reading the item, partly because the comments often have more information than the item, and partly because the title is often less of a guide to the quality than the comments. I always check the comments first, not least, in addition to the above, they usually load faster.
Please take a look at these examples and let us know if they help
I assume that the letters jfo on the nroff bag refer to joe ossana, the original author of nt roff.
Or maybe that was just part of Feynman s brand and he got a lot of media attention. It s not like someone surveyed 100s of scientists and ranked Feynman as the best at explaining things.
I have seen organization-level layoffs and more targeted layoffs.In the only organization level layoff I saw, someone stuck a pin in an org chart at a pretty high level. Everybody and I mean everybody in the tree underneath that point lost their job. Longtime employees at that company were in total shock that day. This was a layoff of a couple thousand employees.I also saw a salary-based layoff happen. In that one, a number of software engineers in a division making over X were let go in a cost-saving maneuver. Macroeconomic conditions continued to decline and a few months later, most early tenure say 3-4 years or less were basically let go.I was new hire at the org-level layoff place I mentioned. New hires were exempted from the resource action. Over the next 6 years that I was there, there were periodic layoffs but these were mostly targeted at folks judged as not doing particularly well or in positions that simply weren t needed anymore.
The headline seems poor, the article not well structured.Space isn t necessarily the major conservation of vertical farms. As stated in the article, water, soil, transport are all concerns in the total cost compensation, as are the current externalized costs in traditional agriculture loss of biodiversity destruction, soil erosion, and pesticide introduction.Finally... they re growing crops totally indoors? Um... windows?Solar panels can be placed on unused land rooftops, deserts, etc , the false conclusion is that solar would be used on farmland or high biodiversity.And there s wind.What a train wreck. Almost a hit piece.
I am a US citizen married to a Canadian citizen. We lived in Toronto for a number of years. One funny thing you notice is that when the government or media refers to what in the US would be the public or the people or the voters or the general public or what have you, often the actual expression used is Canadians , as if nobody other than Canadians resided in Canada and or had any reason at all to pay attention to what was being said. It smacks of some kind of vague provincialism, unsurprising I suppose, given their neighbors.
If they invested it at all wisely, they should have made at least 5 over the past year.When I was at Dartmouth during the great recession a decade ago, they were gloating that they were nevertheless still making gains on the endowment, as the rest of the world crashed.
I thought OpenGL ES was just a restricted subset of OpenGL, and old versions of it at that. It seems kind of weird for them to be behind if this is the case so maybe I don t understand this correctly.
Sports are the metaphor. Regular people intellectualize the game and are derided.No one needs to fight, we can all see the game happening. We incorporate all the functions of pleasure into our identity.Huxley cant recognize the social progress, calling it dumb. Smug enough to be funny, oblivious to the irony.
FTR, the idea person is a local to the Malibu area.
In Lit, yes. It s hand-crafted web components with support for one-way data binding by parameter passing. Any other updates are by event notifications, as the commenter said.
I don t have much to add to the discussion about feed readers, but I think you re seeing a good lesson on the value of actually shipping. It is harder than it seems.Their value, for now, is that they managed to push it through and actually deliver a solid product apparently, from what the commenter said , with a sensible form of self-sustaining, so users can rely on it still existing in 3 years time. That s also itself part of the value proposition, for lots of users.
No, detecting when some text is selected and performing a copy instead of sending the signalUgh, that sounds awful! The Copy action should always be the same action, and it should always copy only, and never do unexpected, possibly harmful, things.Re Maximize. FWIW I have always preferred the OSX implementation -- it allows me two different window sizes that I can choose myself, and toggle between them. But I ll concede that if you come from Windows, having one of those choices taken away from you feels more natural. Re OneModifierKeyButNotCtrl C. I can t speak for Windows, but this does not work on Linux. You can screw around with xmodmap and some apps to your heart s content, but you will never configure a GUI DE-wide key combination for Copy that works in all apps. This is what you get, for free, on all versions of MacOS, ever.Unless your argument devolves to source code is available . In which case OK I guess.Re macOS inflexibility. I mean, sure. And sometimes flexibility is critical. Other times, carefully-chosen defaults and strong consistency is more important. Anyway Linux s flexibility does not provide a path to solve this specific UX design error, so it doesn t help me here.Don t get me wrong. Linux is great, and I choose it and use it happily for many things. I choose other OSes all Unixes though! for other purposes.I have specific requirements for my desktop console terminal environment which might not match yours. MacOS meets them with default configuration plus some minor tweaks e.g. focus follows mouse . Linux is not flexible enough to meet those needs, so I do not choose it for that purpose. All good.
Original author here. Didn t expect my little hobby project to land on the front page of Hacker News. In the midst of a complete rewrite of the language which I unfortunately only get to nibble at here and there will hopefully publish it soon.
Seems unlikely we would see a war where shipping lanes between the US and Europe are blockaded for any length of time. Such a war would presumably turn nuclear pretty quickly, at which point getting spares for your F35s is a moot point.
more consolidation. at least its competition for github. I could see IBM Redhat acquiring Gitlab at this rate.
Well said. The guy litteraly got a TATTOO to make the point. He honestly didn t kill himself. Especially not without even tweeting one last time.If he did, I m sure his wife will know and will confirm this soon.
Or the Reasoned Schemer . Unfortunately, most such implementations are slow compared to Prolog AMs.
Excuse my english, 5 in the morning, writing from a phone. Will try to rephrase that later.
This is awesome product
Wow! Have you seen the list of words? This is completely stupid. Most of them anyway. Some of them are legit - eg. it annoys me when someone addresses a group of girls and says - guys . But this is just a mistaken slang, it is not an established word. Imagine - don t use the word brave - which is a really strong positive word. Or take this - replace stupid with boring, uncool - you must be joking! uncool? Is there such a word? I bet many linguists and dictionaries authors must be going mad when seeing this article..Ah but then I read this first line in the article The Elimination of Harmful Language Initiative EHLI is a multi-phase, multi-year project to address harmful language in IT at Stanford.So this is just a restrained group of people. Not sure why is this posted here anyway.
Don t use langchain, just make the calls?Its what I ended up doing.
Sounds like a nightmare to me. Something that could ve been a module in a regular application is split across multiple services introducing multiple network calls that can fail not to mention the response time once the workflow grows . If people who don t know how to write modular code start using microservices as a solution, the only thing that changes is that you end up with distributed big ball of mud instead of the regular big ball of mud.
It would cut out two web requests too.
This is mostly solvable. I recently deployed lazy loading for schematic images on and configured IntersectionObserver with polyfill to have a rootMargin equal to 3 window.innerHeight see Under most reading and even fast-scrolling conditions, the image will be loaded well before it is scrolled into view.But I will agree with the sentiment -- I find it incredibly annoying on pages that do lazy loading and don t implement this enlarged intersection check to make it appear seamless.
The feedburner feed was spelled wrong fedburner ... that was sorta dumb of me, sorry!
If P2P is dead, does that mean that 99 of cryptocurrency traffic go through server farms?
Which begs the question. Most Mexicans now are descended from both Mestizo Indians and Europeans. Once we give Mexico back to the indigenous peoples... do we send the Euro-descendants back to Spain? Also what about the Clovis peoples of California. Do we track down their heirs?
But that s because PHP6 was dumped after being in development for a while.
One of the reasons why the Renault Kwid is 4000 is because, well, it uses cheap materials, and with that comes a very bad safety rating. This is enabled by India s nearly non-existent car safety regulations. Everything has a price .
Isn t there some way they could have implemented tiered pricing? An X00 Learning Evaluation Edition and an X,000 or X0,000 Professional Edition?
Please dont be dismissive of flyover states. Especially since the Wright brothers are from a flyover state. No one would be flying over without them.
A lot of things. LaTeX and its packages have so much surface area. Our approach so far is to just make the papers that we read readable. That probably covers the 20 of LaTeX features that 80 of people use.Here is the broken stuff we are keeping track of feel free to add to it!
Where do you see me saying such a thing?Your solution appears to be choose a different employer without any hint of demand more from the current employer . You would do it if you had no other options if every potential employer would require you to be on site depriving you of remote options, but because the market is in your favor giving you options, it s difficult for you to empathize with the other situation.You assume something that s not the case. I am of the opinion that everyone who can, should have this option regardless of the market situation and I think it s terrible people are forced to commute. It s like paid leave or health insurance - an achievement in workers rights.
Framing this in terms of Xi and Putin is myopic. My home country of Bangladesh is eager to join BRICS The support for doing so is not based on some NATO versus Russia and China calculus. It s more that they are looking out for their own interests, and just don t care about west s ideological fixations. China invests in Bangladesh, Russia built a nuclear plant there, and the US is nowhere to be seen. Moreover, China is just looking for ROI and won t intrude on your domestic politics like the US.As the locus of power moves to China, moreover, there is less motivation to side with the US. China is leading in areas like nuclear power and batteries, while the US is at the forefront of lobotomizing its population with social media.
Can I add hackers and hustlers to the cringe list please?
I write with lingo now and then, when I want to quickly try out some game mechanic idea
We lost seven beeches - most of the big trees in our front yard - to beech leaf disease. Talked to one guy who pointed out that there is a treatment, but it s experimental and it s not even clear it works. 2000 per tree per two years for a maybe was just too much. Plus, the longer we kept the trees, the more likely it would become that the culprit nematode would spread to other trees in our back yard or our neighbors . Very sad, but the silver lining is that we re now a better candidate for solar.
Attack Shyness ? Shyness seems unlikely to respond well to being attacked. I d rather say something like address shyness .The point may seem minor, but wording affects how you frame a problem, which in turn has a big effect on the solution. In my experience, when working with parts of oneself, it s better not to frame things oppositionally.
because you are modifying the file s inode, which you do not have permission to modify.
I only problem with Opera s Dragonfly - and I mean only - is that I seem to need an active internet connection to use it.Twice in the last year I have started working on experimental UI stuff on a plane, run into a quirk, and tried to start debugging... the futility only hits me once it fails to come right up.I have all the usual http servers installed on my laptop, so it would be alright if I just needed to deploy something locally. But Opera has that capability baked into the browser already, so I d appreciate it if they could just toss in Dragonfly as well.
There are a shitload of lawsuits, whenever a plausible plaintiff can be found.
I really like the idea. It really depends if you can populate it enough to get an initial user base.
I d need some expansion on the statement that media is government controlled. Yes, they are beholden to what the government is willing to tell them, but investigative reporting often digs up more. I have a hard time believing they re government controlled when at any given time, the government in power is faced with a large media segment that is biased against their political agenda.If there is some level of control, it is at the complete opposite end of the spectrum from the strict authoritarian control of media in many other countries, so it s still much more free than many alternatives.
I was very much hoping for something like this and I m really happy they chose to open source it rather than to let it rust on a shelf somewhere.
Rule 170 of the highway code watch out for pedestrians crossing a road into which you are turning. If they have started to cross they have priority, so give way
Steam has just nipped Epic in the bud by saying you can t sell on Steam whilst you have an exclusivity contract with Epic.Huh? I thought saying you can t sell on Steam is kind of what an exclusivity contract with Epic does.
I was going to mention HFT. How is it a level playing field when they are in the picture? Paying top dollar just to be closer and closer to the exchanges to get the fastest, best price , when really, they have info before anyone else.Apologies if my post implied insider knowledge on the part of HFTs. That s not the case.The point I was making is their model is ONLY viable if they have the best mathematical brains, the best computing power, the best connectivity. If anything in that fragile chain is broken then their model is unviable.In the end, they trade on what is best described as noise. They look for patterns in the noise. And so they need the best noise, as soon as instantly as they can get it, and the computing power to process it as close to instantly as possible.I called it another story because its a truly nuts way of making money. - There is an old saying. Time in a trade is better than timing a trade . HFTs are basically trying to do the latter all day, every day.In my view, John Doe the buy hold investor actually has the advantage that they can wait for weeks, months or years.Tortoise Hare and all that ....
Unfortunately, it now appears that there were other fake ATMs around, these at the Rio. These were not removed promptly. A friend of mine is out 200 and some of his friends are out more. Worse, no one can seem to figure out which law enforcement agency is responsible. See chrispaget on twitter, e.g. following.
This was an amendment to the Colorado Constitution by the voters of the state. The Colorado state legislators can t override this like they could a statutory ballot measure.
Yes and developers often give free advice in interviews. However attorneys are not writing contracts for free to get jobs.
That s because they don t actually have capacity. The internet coming via coaxial cables is sharing the road with TV service. TV service earns Comcast Spectrum Cox etc more money than internet service, so they don t necessarily want people to consume via internet yet at least not until they own the media companies like Comcast .So they probably only have a tiny amount of bandwidth available for an entire neighborhood, and then they sell you 100s of Mb in download, except that if you read the fine print, it s only burst speeds, so it s not like you get 300Mbps sustained download bandwidth. It s just a temporary boost while they take it from others in the neighborhood. And the upload, who knows how little is allocated for that, they don t even bother advertising upload bandwidth.
These are just language tricks. We aren t censoring anything, we are simply moderating out the voices of our political opponents.There are always trade offs but I think we are better off with zero censorship. What are we worried about? Will we become Jihadists after seeing a Taliban post? Are with that impressionable that anything we see sticks in the brain as truth? If so, perhaps we should try to solve the root problem.
The whole thing is an aftermath of political crysis started after completely falsified election. They are working to strike terror also they re definitely having fun doing so into residents of a certain neighbourhood that s especially active protesting against Lukashenka s regime by detaining and repressing whoever expresses any opinion against such practices.
I can see how the State of Oregon would be annoyed that an unlicensed environmental engineer would be touting his engineering credentials when arguing with licensed civil engineers, especially since the State of Oregon licenses engineers.Engineering is a field where if you mess up, people may die, so just as we license doctors, we license engineers.
If I publish an article on a subject I extensively read about on books and add no new information, I m just reproducing them. Should that be considered a violation of copyright?
It s nice to have a free book as a supplement. Linear Algebra Done Right by Sheldon Axler is a much better choice and when making an investment in learning, particularly a difficult subject like linear algebra, saving money with a free text is probably the most expensive thing you can do. You might save 40 but end up not really learning and wasting hours you don t have. Above all, find a good teacher.
You were responding to my comment that read It grinds the gears of many Americans when people conflate the USA with America as well though.As you can see, I was not complaining about the usage of Americans but rather about the conflation of USA and America .I did say it grinds the gears of many Americans when that happens, which might be the cause of your confusion. MDF capital district of Mexico.Thanks! I did think you were not talking about medium-density fibreboard! D
With well over 100 billion in the bank, their problem isn t one of resources.
Probably because there s nothing that says only users in wheel assuming your OS distro even has that group some don t can sudo. You can grant any user with any group membership access to sudo, either full access, or restricted to only certain commands.If the package was set up to install usr bin sudo so it was only runnable by members of the wheel group, that wouldn t work.
We had a whole civil war and enacted several amendments to address the unique situation of a majority in a state enslaving or discriminating against a discrete minority.That has nothing to do with a majority of people imposing restrictions on themselves. 59 of people in Mississippi oppose abortion, including the majority of women. There is no need for California or New York to parachute in and tell them otherwise.
my little nephew went to australia for a year, travelling and working. my poor late mother was on the edge of her seat the whole time, convinced that he was going to be bitten, stung, dehydrated etc. we used to perhaps unforgivably tease her by showing her david attenborough sort of films featuring box jellyfishes.
Which laptop are you using? This has never been an issue to me, and I ve used Linux exclusively for years. I m on a Thinkpad T480s.
Do you think that systemic racism exists? That is do you believe Black people when they tell you their life is harder because they are Black. Do you believe that job interviewers discriminate against Black sounding names? Do you believe that Black people receive harsher prison sentences all else being equal? Do you believe that Black people have a harder time renting homes? Because there s hard evidence to back up every single one of those claims.All of those issues and more combine to create a reinforcing feedback loop that creates a permanent lower class within our society, that erodes trust in institutions, increases crime and, directly impacts our economic development.What specifically do you propose we do to end that feedback loop?2. This isn t about blame. It s about ameliorating an issue that harms all of us. And it s only indirectly about our ancestors. There are people alive today who were directly harmed by the laws that were put in place by the municipalities, states, and the country they live in today. People who were never compensated for that harm.3. Pretending that you don t see color is an absurd response. Of course you do. Everyone does and everyone has implicit biases. The key is to recognize those biases, and sometimes to consciously correct for them.4. The system is nothing but laws.That is naïve to the point of absurdity. I m sure if you think about it you can come up with a few counter examples.5. If anecdotes are useless, why do you keep brining them up? The travel ban is not what you claim it was, but perhaps you should look at how members of that religion handle racism first.The travel ban that Trump called for during the campaign that won him votes was much more expansive than what was actually enacted. He also suggested that we should register all Muslims.A survey in 2016 said that 40 of Americans called for a registry of Muslims, the results were heavily correlated with party affiliation. I m going to give you 1 guess on which party favored registering Muslims. but perhaps you should look at how members of that religion handle racism first. You won t find any multiculturalism there, that s for sure.What happened to treating people as individuals not as part of a group?6. It s unique to only the US and Canada, not the norm, and repealing it would solve many problems.I thought the US was an amazing unique melting pot? There are many conservative and liberal argument for how the melting pot is helped by birthright citizenship. You really need to read a bit more history if you think this is true. Look up the 1965 immigration act. America is a melting pot and has been for centuries.The Chinese exclusion act, and country based immigration quotas favoring European countries were the norm through most of that time. there are no serious attempts to stop it.Here s a conversation between Steven Bannon and Stephen Miller Trump s current lead advisor on immigration --------------------------------- Isn t the beating heart of this problem, the real beating heart of it, of what we gotta get sorted here, not illegal immigration? Bannon asked Miller. As horrific as that is, and it s horrific, don t we have a problem? We ve looked the other way on this legal immigration that s kinda overwhelmed the country? Bannon goes on to decry the oligarchs of Silicon Valley and Washington and call the number of immigrants in the United States scary. Miller s response is affirmation The history of America is that an immigration-on period is followed by an immigration-off period, he said. -----------------------------------Bannon and Miller are both obsessed with preserving western European culture. If you aren t from a European country, you very likely would not have been allowed here had Steven Miller been in power when you immigrated.
Sometimes I think people in the Valley don t realize they live in a microcosm. I had never heard of Chris Sacca before Shark Tank, and I ve raised venture capital in the Bay Area before.
It has a slightly faster processor don t be fooled by 1.3GHz , the MBA s top CPU speed is 2.6GHz but there s a 500GB non-solid-state hard drive, it s heavier, the graphics are older, and it has a lower-resolution screen. Why would anyone want it?
JeffR sounded pretty busy with preparing those betas and RCs, iirc.
DECT is a surprisingly complex and capable system 99- 00 I worked on a Linux-based tablet where the first iteration used a DECT extension for data DECT MMAP ... Wifi was not yet dominant enough to be the obvious winner.
It strikes many, me included, as an overreach of executive power.
At least it s 5 pm in here.
The only difference between those thingsYou listed two things that easily and obviously line up with a Bill of Rights amendment... not sure there is one of those for encryption. Unless I m just blanking...
This article was rather light on details and didn t explain things very well. They don t tell how much the precession was, how it was detected, nor much else about it.
Maybe it s unrealizable at the moment for x86 code. On the other hand, for random digraphs of arcade-game microcontrollers, JSMESS is doing pretty well at achieving this.
Its a question of margins. Take a look at the new Ford EV Mustang that competes Model Y. That care has the same amount of miles and yet has 2x the battery. That means that car is flat not making money.Tesla has demonstrated 25 margin, and their Model 3 is still a nightmare to manufacture. The Cybertruck promised to get there too. The Model Y based on breakdowns is pretty well designed to make good margin.One argument one has to make is not why is Tesla so high, but why are the others so low. They have gigantic capital stock that is dropping in value like a stone, the used car market will be fludded with insane amounts of old ICEs. These companies have thin margins already, and they will need to make huge investments in batteries and new product lines to compete. All of that with a stock market that doesn t make it easy for them to raise money.We saw this during Covid, companies like Ford and GM start dropping 10s of billions as soon as their margins slide.Even given all of those good things, Tesla is still high. For me, the only thing that can make it worth it, is the taxi fleet idea. If you don t believe in that, then the evaluation is way to high.I bought my stock at basically the lowest point in Covid, but I think I m gone hold it longer. Just because even if you don t believe in the fundamentals, I think the hype cycle is at a peak yet.And I think I believe in the taxi idea, simply because whatever people think Elon knows about the potential profit and is doing everything he can to get there. Others simply don t have that conviction and drive.
IMHO how-to s of manual activities are better in video form. Other than that, text form is way better.
I have a setup like that -- gmail imap, synced with isync, indexed with notmuch. Gnus imap implementation has gotten much faster recently, and the notmuch integration is great. On the other hand, if you re liking mutt, why switch?
It s also not difficult to figure out scenarios in which he would never use red lights on public roads, but might use them at private events, like shows.Given the lack of evidence that OP is an idiot, I m going with the assumption that he s not going to run forward running red lights in public. I m going to assume the only reason the color is changeable is to show off for fun.BTW, your paraphrasing of my comment on random commentators is a mischaracterization. I m not talking about all random commentors. Just the ones who can t see past their noses far enough to know their criticism is not universal.
Effect inference has already been done doubt we ll see anything like this in a mainstream language anytime soon.
This is a wonderful story, and a good example of the sorts of hidden value our so-called bloated government bureaucracy can provide.
Alas, those are Varroa mites. Not helpers, but blood-sucking or the bee equivalent to blood hemolymph aliens that are causing quite a problem for beekeepers.
sorry, no. but there is an emulator 1 , so you can test the roms, or you can write your own code and test it without having the hw. 1
Do you know what would motivate this behavior? Naively, any rent is more than zero rent, so why let a unit sit empty?
Is there a way for new partners to join?
Here s a less dumbed-down article from a bit earlier in the process 2012 law created an administrative review system for challenging patents, meant to reduce the expense of challenging patents by keeping the process out of court. That law was challenged as being an illegal taking happening outside a court of law. The Supreme Court disagreed, considering it just a corrective action of the patent office s discretionary granting abilities. More or less.
In the words of Eliezer Yudkowsky, Shut up and multiply
Is there a SpaceX sized opportunity for US-bound shipping and US ports? Is it 10x the size?
it s kinda scary that the go-to personal investment plan is based on a leveraged buy sell with the implied promise that things perpetually increase in value.
Turing Award winner Robert Floyd also died of a form of FTD, Pick s Disease. He was only 65.
I remember seeing the web for the first time in a command-line browser. I didn t realize at the time what was about to happen.
Ugh, I use mine as a paper-weight with a 64gb mem card that makes me feel guilty every time I see it because I m not using it
No shit, I was referring to GPS one of the more used features of a phone and it s commonly known as being satellite based .
You looked it up, wrote a comment about it, and still didn t explain why this was a fiasco.So I looked it up too in 2014, U2 made a new album, Songs of Innocence , and Apple pushed it to 500m iPhone users without asking. It was just suddenly on their phones. The twitter-o-verse got angry, because sending a tweet is easier than pressing delete , and because the album looked badly amidst their carefully curated collection of dubstep remixes. Newspapers wrote about the angry twitter-o-verse because they hadn t gotten the memo yet that people are always angry about something on twitter and it s not news and nobody cares.
If you manage your own money you are fine. If you are expecting the manager of a pension fund to have made good decisions then you are probably in bad shape
Coinbase stock is down 10 after hours, after being down 12.6 today.
What backup strategy are you implying for the case of cockroachdb? Streaming the changefeed including timestamps to an external append-only system while slowly and incrementally iterating through all tables using as of system time to reduce impact on active transactions and know how late this shard of a full backup can be inserted into the agumented changefeed you d generate by interleaving these shards into the changefeed. For replay you d use the stream from the oldest shard up to the select min a from select max timestamp_resolved as a from changefeeds group by table newest timestamp you know you have the transactions complete changesets for the resolved timestamp can be periodically emitted to confirm that no further records in the same feed table could have a transaction timestamp earlier than it, inducing a partial ordering .You could replay the combined,sorted,agumented changefeed in-order, or shard it on the table s primary key to ensure per-key monotonicity when applying the streams in parallel threads transactions nodes.
I just started lazy-worker, a project to allow you to code to the web worker API even on browsers that don t support it. Slowloris, I d be concerned about having to write my code in strings that get evaled. peterhunt, what do you think about using lazy-worker as a shim in Slowloris?
I ve found options that don t require electricity and are easy to connect no plumbing experience required albeit with fewer features than a Toto. is an affordable one like this
If it s too severe the hosts take mitigation strategies which reduce the spread
Whether something is a crime against humanity or not is also a political question, strictly speaking. How many countries have refused to recognize the Armenian genocide for the sake of some political gain, again?
Not sure that applies in this case. If the only party you allow to look at your code is one that s heavily invested in secretly hacking it, then you re probably going to give them some zero-days which they ll use maliciously. It s different if you let everyone look at it, since a white-hat might find something helpful. But this isn t a choice between everyone and no-one, it s between a known black-hat and no-one.
What s more likely is finding carbon-based life of opposite chirality from the left handed kind native to Earth. This would make life from each planet fundamentally incompatible with each other in numerous surprising ways.
I hate Peter Thiel with a vengeance but had the same reaction as you.This article was a nothingburger. Alternate headline man wins lottery with Roth investments and has to pay no taxes Unlike many tax shelters and other billionaire only toys, this Roth stuff is accessible to literally everyone.If I had put in 5k of Roth money every year into Apple stock I similarly would ve minted money.
, from one of the current Dogecoin devs I feel some are using our rise to illustrate the absurdity of cryptocurrency pricing for example . To me, in an environment where a cryptoasset with 30 USD equivalent transaction fees has a market cap of over a quarter of trillion dollars, I don t think we re the absurd one. Yes we take ourselves less seriously, but that doesn t mean we re not serious behind the scenes. We re a 4 year old currency with transaction fees barely over a cent and significantly higher throughput than most other cryptocurrencies. Disclaimer I know him personally.
I m wondering how much time do you put in contacting prospects and looking for customers ? and how big your team is ? I already heard of single person startups that are working very well but what about remoteok ?
Yes this definitely happens. I d say the flipside though is Chesterton s fence, where there s a good reason some things are the way that they are, but people with limited perspective say they re pointless. Both things happen and it s hard to tell which is which.
Every crypto is homebrown - just maybe not in your home. Everyone cooks just with water.The problem with applying this definition of homegrown is that it willfully ignores any distinction implied by the term and thus renders it semantically meaningless. This is a form of straw man.Regardless, even if we assume that all crypto, at the time of writing, is equally likely to be safe, I posit that the security and cost of implementation benefits achieved by leveraging published techniques far outweighs the benefit of having an obscure fingerprint. This is because previously published methods have the advantage of selection and iterative hardening based on peer review.Furthermore, I posit that even if you wrap your data in a matryoshka doll of encryption, each of these layers will be more secure when implemented using proven techniques.For the same reasons I d also argue that even if you were to develop your own cipher you would benefit more by publishing it than by keeping it a secret.Another way to think about it is that an attacker reading the documentation should not be a failure mode of well-implemented crypto.Speculating even deeper on the subject, it occurs to me that in the face of a global adversary of whose automated cryptanalysis your proposal aims to thwart displaying a unique fingerprint may actually be detrimental to the security of your data as it may flag it specifically for deeper inspection and manual analysis.
If you can perform arbitrary computations on the encrypted data yielding encrypted results then I think you can take advantage of that to encrypt whatever you like.The idea is to evaluate a constant-valued function inside the encryption , e.g. the function that ignores its input and always returns A . The result of that will be an encrypted version of A .Is there something wrong with that argument?
As a small business owner inventor, and patent owner I think what the parent is talking about is the PTAB and the Inter Partes Review IPR process that is very expensive for a patent owner to defend against and. Lee is seen as someone who could place more limits on IPR s but has not. This directly benefits large companies at the expense of small patent holders.For example, say you as a small time inventor have a valid patent on some great new widget. Big company X starts selling the widget you invented, you approach them and ask if they would license your patent, Big company X can afford to keep filing IPR s against your patent and it will cost you 200,000 each time. Big company X can milk you dry and draw things out for years so it becomes much more difficult as a small business to defend and license your patent. Lee seems to have really helped large tech companies at the expense of small inventors.
They ve allowed people to leave and come back not the entire pandemic probably, but most of it , it s just if they come back they have to stay in a quarantine hotel for two weeks, especially if they tested positive for Covid.A quarantine hotel that a bunch of assholes were so fucking impatient that they literally climbed fences and dodged security to escape from just to grab beer or some shit and wasted millions of dollars as New Zealand tried to contact trace everyone they came in contact with and try to keep a spread on it further.When all they had to do was chill in a hotel for two weeks and then they d be free to do whatever. couple of these might be the same person, I just did a quick google search, but I think I ve seen at least a dozen of these stories out of New Zealand over the past year and a half.
It varies on the individual, probably due to body mass and so on. Even then, it s not like a certain dose will guarantee a certain experience. I m a 72kg man and I d say 3.5g is a normal dose and 4.5g is verging on high. The most I ever had was around 5g.The two truly profound spiritual experiences I ve had were actually 22g High Hawaiian magic truffles not mushrooms, but similar , and around 5g cubensis magic mushrooms, though I did eyeball it so it may have been more or less.
There are startups like this. I left one before a pivotal point that might have resulted in me making some money for some of the very same reasons 1 Commitment was questioned -- in my case, I disappeared for a rainy weekend for my wife s birthday and wasn t online over the weekend.2 Attitude was questioned -- regular beat the staff meetings in the morning after pulling an all nighter, I tossed the pen to the next guy a friend and miss threw and it hit the ceiling. Why are you being an asshole? It took a bit to realize that was what was being asked.3 After a great showing at Demo we launched with no ops support and engineers with the knowledge me were expected to be on call after 80 hour weeks. I got grumbled at due to a support issue as I was returning from a morning at the Legion of Honor and heading down Highway 1 no signal, peace . Oh, the wife wasn t happy either -- why are they bugging you on a Saturday morning? That said, the overall product we built was one of the more fun and diverse I was involved in. It was very hard to make the decision, but sometimes you know it is just right to walk away.There are startups that are like that. Sometimes, like the post above, the signs are there early. Sometimes, they don t show themselves until much later.A couple of years later when the company had an exit, of the 35 people that were there when I left, only four that I new including the two founders actually remained.
No one walks in Mountain View or most of the US so product management doesn t understand the use case.
Ha! I doubt it s much different in the US.
The entire aestheticDo you have any other examples matching such an aesthetic? I quite like it too.
But if there wasn t an opportunity to market them directly to people, many drugs would never have been made at all.
I d love to see some benchmarks when you have a chance to update it.
I think that s unlikely, it s a drop in the bucket at this point.Last I heard they were hosting Nintendo ROMs, in unarguable infringement of the copyrights.
I really find it amazing that even to this day there is not a dynamic process for inserting adds into tv programming. Cable box should simply see that this tv watches NOVA, Star Trek, and Saturday morning cartoons. Because of this, I am a nerdy guy who may have kids. Reduce if from 3 minutes of 6 ads to a single minute long add. Something really specific like Disney Vacations, science kits for the kids and their parents, whatever. It isn t even a privacy thing necessarily. Cable box could be the only one that actually watches what you watch streams in all possible adds and decides which adds to display to you based on its private and un-shared knowledge.
And actually, wouldn t nearly _everything_ you see be the Milky Way galaxy? That s not the point of the site, but struck me just now. I had the same experience you did, while backpacking in New Mexico. The sky was outrageous - I had never seen the whole of the structure.
I think the age-spectrum for football and other sports is a lot broader and the most energetic fans hooligans, ultras gangs are not really held in high regard - but I take your point, there are probably tonnes of fan-boys for Cristiano Ronaldo and co.
I used Blue Apron for a while, and didn t have quality issues but the meals were definitely a hassle. I got fed up with every recipe requiring that I pick tiny leaves off tiny herb stems. I don t have a sous-chef to dump that kind of stuff onto!After I quit Blue Apron, I tried Hello Fresh. Their recipes were a lot simpler to follow, and tasted just as good, but I had serious quality issues. By the time I quit, I determined that 11 of the meat packages I had received were punctured, and started leaking when they defrosted. If the punctures happened after they were frozen and sealed they were probably safe to eat, but I had no way of knowing that.
Charles Petzold yes, that Charles Petzold published a nice annotated version of Turing s paper, entitled The Annotated Turing published by Wiley .And, for those wishing to go deeper, there s a nice collection of Turing s papers this one included, naturally by Jack Copeland, entitled The Essential Turing published by Oxford .
Yes, they re loyal to whoever pays more and has more work. Slapping Amazon deliveries on top of Uber pool would mean more work and better unit economics, which should ideally translate into more money for the drivers.
This is where you unconventionally put an LCD screen where a window should be, and put in HVAC systems to blow fresh air.
Keeping higher quality content in G seems to be their current goalThat must be why ads for G are never ever about sharing little silly things with your friends... no wait, they re actually trying their hardest. It s just adoption sucks, so people rationalize it. That s how I see it, anyway.
i don t think the NSA works like that remember national security equates to we will watch you all the time and steal all your dataz . it would obviously be great if national security meant what it was supposed to...
I don t want to use 2FA, and I certainly don t want to have to buy something to use 2FA. What is hard to understand about that?
Referring to this, for example
It can be, it just doesn t have to beLet s say a typical admin of a small shop wants to backup his postgres database.The first thing he ll use is probably pg_dumpall which he ll output to a storage.No replication involved. The backup is just a bunch of sql statements to recover the last known state of the database. It s a different kind of format however, which -by definition- isn t a replica anymore. And this process has several caveat s-one of which is that it can produce unusable dumps in some rare cases and isn t complete. users, triggers etc aren t dumped iirc.. could be wrong there
Did you actually wire the money? After entering your bank account details, you have to manually e-sign a bunch of documents, including providing all your tax ids, and signing that you are accredited.
I would bet money that the vast majority of coffee consumed globally is purchased from another entity and already roasted more than 1 week before.
Thanks for this, my faith in being better off as a single founder rather than going out of my way to find another founder has been renewed.I ll most likely email them thanking them for the events invite, but say that I would rather try and develop my product more than to jump ship to another.
Yet
As outsiders we can t see commits, but the next best thing is a diff between the public source code releases
Use the obsessive phases, find a topic that is overlapping with your obsessions and cram every new obsession into that project. Yes, it leads to cluttered projects, but suddenly you are that developer driving that open source project in mono-mode.
2000- 3000 was the price per unit copy. There is no information on the total amount they allegedly made.Thus he is not facing 40 years for a 2000 sale only. Some of the arguments of his defenders are so ridiculous they defy belief.
This is an excellent, really excellent call to arms from a new CEO. I have a few takeaways -- first the board brought Elop in for a four to seven year turn-around. He s going to make enemies, but that s okay. If he executes the turn-around, they ll put someone more finnish back in to sooth the old guard after they re making money again.Second -- this guy has the Microsoft internal criticism DNA, through and through. This isn t quite a Gates-level memo, but it s in the ballpark. I d love to see some leaks of him reviewing his experience using different phones, Gates style.Third -- he s totally correct. Nokia f-ed this up, all by themselves. I STILL miss my Nokia E-90 it had 7mb up and down, a beautiful keyboard, video chatting, first-class SIP phone account support, and an 840x320 screen in 2007, for God s sake! The UI sucked, the apps weren t there, and there was no touch interface. Apple cleaned Nokia s clock. Then Android did it again.One reason HN readers should care Nokia is probably the only carrier in the world with the balls to just go ahead and release unlocked phones with things like VOIP accounts built in. They may be the only company who doesn t have to play nice with US carriers around innovation from them will be excellent for consumers.
Also, remember to compare the sites ten years ago rather than today.
ZooKeeper is rock solidlol. lmao. never falls over or causes incidents, in the same way c is rock solid and never SIGSEGV or causes security problems
I am almost completely certain that neither Google Sheets, nor Excel use that big number crunching GPU for anything float-related.Just getting the data to the GPU for a compute shader to run on it would take longer than just doing on the CPU in almost every case.
Awesome. Let the big publishers shoot themselves in the foot so that small publishers and independent authors can undercut them, yet still make more money per book.With the end-to-end digital process, you ll see a lot of authors selling independently as has already started on the Kindle and publishers will be caught on the back foot. Readers will vote with their dollars and smart authors will skip the publishers and provide what readers want without them.
The most recent gpt4all includes a local server compatible with OpenAPI -- this could be a useful start!
Congrats on the fellowship! Good luck and have fun making a difference with emerging economies.
After checking it, it seems that in low doses can cause it, there is even a medical term for that RILD I could be wrong
Cool - getting that fleet wide is what I was talking about.It still seems like they re being pretty slow about it.
is that good or bad?
I thought the article was impossible to read at 16 px - just not enough density - too few words per line and too few lines per screen to read comfortably. I m 46.
I don t understand. You are giving back by creating a service where you make money.Are you publishing your source code?
I get what you mean. I plan to write more detailed analysis, theory essays and case studies. But needed to write a reference article that just helps you understand subsets of design and their actual meaning. If you know what I mean.Thanks a ton for feedback
I used to work in defense, should that software be open source?Software that is used internally and not distributed need not be free software. That was not my point.That said, I do work in defense now writing software for a defense partner that finances the research of my lab and the contract requires that all our production be published under an open source license. Only the data is secret, and we don t really get to see most of it.
How exactly should they be paying for the increased risk to peoples safety and the extra air pollution they create. Should we be calculating the number of years they took off people lives due to the particulate pollution? If they have an accident and kill someone, should that be punished more harshly than regular since they chose to pick a more dangerous form of transport?
although one could argue that PHP is still slightly better in terms of speed of deploymentIt takes less than a minute to deploy apps on heroku whatever. Deployment speed is not really a relevant factor now, everything is fast.
Yeah, pretty expensive as well.
I dunno, there are plenty of humans that wouldn t make it to AI classification by that measurement, so I m a skeptical to say the least. I don t think any of us are going to see past the uncanny valley of human-computer interaction computers will have their tasks, but they ll be just that task solvers. Why make it more magical than that? It s a waste of money to try, too much of what makes humans unique isn t really useful in a business context like giving up on problems because you re bored or hungry or having desires .
True. Unfortunately they have plenty of money, which has allowed the influence of this sect to grow in other parts of the world as well.
It was the standard way to format URLs on Usenet. GP is at least 40 years old.
Try am working on making the UI more user friendly and adding OPML import export.It s going to be supported by advertising with a subscription service for premium features and no ads.
If you have someplace to put more secure equipment on the open net, that would be better.A your choice of HW would do fine, if it runs only your code. Idea Colocation centres for users computers instead of data centres for users data. As directed by the author here, users would store no data on these computers.11. By their nature, each user-owned supernode computer would provide some discoverable metadata, as would any router, namely, the IP addresses of the members of the private network s it supports and which of those IPs are connecting to each other, but this would be unlike the centralised repositories of millions of users metadata we have now, managed by private tech companies.As for the rest of this writeup, it sounds much like the need for a supernode in LAN-over-Internet -type P2P networks that encapsulate Ethernet-like packets in UDP packets. The supernode does not necesarily need to route traffic between nodes behind NAT rarely necessary , it only needs to store the equivalent of an ARP table accessible by all of them.
4 of the Google index hit by de-indexing
There would be no niceness, no pleasantries. All environmental reviews would be ignored as a matter of national security, it would be a violent rush to production no matter the initial costThis is how you get things like many people would you poison to, essentially, make a point against China? Besides, the whole project of demonstrating how the US is a superior place to China by, er, nationalising a mine at gunpoint, poisoning the surroundings, and disallowing people legal redress for complaints?
Is this only for regular broadcast commercial TV, or does it include other things that you would watch in front of the TV movies, or streaming episodic content ? Because for broadcast, I can see using a phone during commercial breaks.
I think the evidence is to the contrary as I mentioned in my earlier comment the inferences from those evidence is that women are predisposed to studies that involve human interactions and very less evidence that social factors play a part...infact it is in unequal societies relatively speaking where social factors play a part that forces women to consider professions like CS.
Yes, James Hansen ex NASA scientist warned us in the 80s and has been campaigning for this since. His view seems to be not enough is being done.So how are you planning to change your life in the next decade, i.e. are you looking to move to the country side with more land so you can be more self sufficient permaculture as cities will become more dangerous to live in or do you think it will be just a case of food being a bit more expensive and it being a bit hotter.I m struggling to understand whether near term it will drastically change our lifes or whether it s something to really worry about post 2050.
What do you suggest we do and what do you except the voters, managements, shareholders, jury, customers and parent will think about it? I don t care what they think, or want to but seems to me that is what most people do all day.
Comparing revenue to GDP is stupid.
dead
For my needs, they re performance-identical I only have 50 10 Business internet from Comcast , and well, I wanted to try out the ERX just to see how it compared. So much feature! So tiny box!So far so good, and I have three OpenVPN tunnels nailed up 24 7 to various company locations.
One of the greatest websites of all time I was the technical lead there for a couple of years 20 years ago. It was originally designed as a more general wiki the name is a pun of C2 and then evolved into a a quasi-literary, quasi-blog thing, with thousands of contributors.Its key features were a supremely easy way to create links between articles nodes as well as empty links nodeshells for others to fill in, encouraging sprawl but also connectivity a rich voting and reward system, chat and messages, bookmarks, lists - if we had all had a half a brain, we could ve pivoted to Medium or Substack no problem.A couple of things I m proud of there - this is an example of filling a nodeshell someone else created with ... something not intended but appropriate - using the annual Halloween writing event, I shared a personal story about Alzheimer sAnd some great stuff by others I think this is my favorite, I think of it often! there s just a ton of great stuff on there.
Yikes.
There was a guy at Sun whom I helped manage out of the organization, he landed a job at a start up that two months later got bought with a full vesting of everyone. He walked away with several million dollars. It took a lot of thinking about that series of events to let it sit in my head without pissing me off.Why did that piss you off? Sounds like it was a win-win situation for you and that guy.
So, genuinely curious, how much did the author spend to run the benchmarks on each service?
I d like you to dig a ditch for me...Oh, and you have to use this garden spade...Oh, and the handle is made out of jelly...Oh, and the ditch is on the beach so the tide will be coming in any time now.Hyperbole, yes. Web development isn t exactly ditch digging, but if you really want to understand why so many web developers are openly hostile toward supporting these older browsers, it s because the exercise is tantamount to digging ditches with jelly-handled garden spades on a rigid time table. When you get in to these much, much older browsers, it s a back and forth game of break fix whack-a-mole. It s broken in one browser, so you try to fix it by using another approach, only to find that it s now broken in the current browser. That or you end up using ugly work arounds that just cruft up the application and make maintenance a nightmare.Ultimately this comes down to a business decision. I consider each browser version as a market to be sold in to. I may find it an unrealistic business proposition to increase my developer hours by 30 , just to support a specific browser, when there s a big fat market of current browser users ready to use my application.
Not sure if this is a title length restriction on HN, but the omitted ...when pasted into... here seems important.
Islam bans alcohol, but it also requires praying 5 times a day and usually a lot of going to Mosque with other Muslims and a general belief of unity and being in a common struggle against enemy types. I wonder if all that cultural stuff protects people from common psychological problems which they might otherwise try to stifle with alcohol. I think alcoholism is often a coping mechanism for some other psychological problem. If you just ban alcohol but don t have the culture to help with people s problems, maybe you make things worse. Mental health care is kind of an ambulance at the bottom of the cliff and doesn t seem very efficient or effective either.
A hacker is really the red-shirt ensign on the away team
I experience conscious dreaming, where I am aware of my activities during my dreams and can shape them at will - rather than being subject to events dreamed. I remember everything that happens in them.This has been one of the side effects of my meditative practice.
I mean I d agree that you can t just show up and claim you lead the movement, but she showed up, organized truckers to get to Ottawa, and ran the fund that got millions in donations for the convoy. She may not be too boss but she certainly has some non trivial representation of the group. If they get their way, the government says fine you don t need the vaccine, and the protests continue to stick around then the what are they supposed to do argument might hold water.That s just capitulating to their incorrect ideas that covid isn t real or isn t dangerous and the vaccines are, which is a non starter. So assuming that they aren t going to capitulate to the protestors what should the government be doing? This still feels very low touch compared to how most other protests are handled
Sapins 1 by Yuval Noah Harari. Currently 220 pages into it, I wholeheartedly recommend -- it s remarkably well written and is full of very interesting perspectives.Credit where it s due learnt about this book in an edge.org conversation 2 between Dr. Harari and the eminent psycologist Daniel Kahneman.Speaking of professor Kahneman, I recently finished his Thinking, Fast and Slow I did notice it s mentioned in the comments, but still , over a period of deliberate slow reading of 5 months. Much has been said and written more than well deservedly! about this book. Don t let the title invite you to dismiss it off as yet another over-simplifying popular psyocology book it s anything but that. It is an account of about 30 years of collaboration with his late colleague Amos Tversky. Certainly not a breezy page-turner. It s well worth it to take your own time to assimilate the content. 1 2
Your system is basically the same. pass is not a complete application , but it s actually just a tiny shellscript. RTFA... . You have to reenter the master password if that s the way GPG is setup. Or you don t have to reenter it, if it s set up that way instead.Anyway, perhaps this is appealing to you alias p pass Check out the source of pass -- it s probably pretty similar to your bash aliases. In fact, pass for me used to be a bash alias too.
i find it hard to believe that restaurants pay more than retail for the same goods.
Yep. Specifically you d need to adjust your TX power down to 27 dBm from a max of 30 dBm for an AP, or 29 dBm for a station. gives a nice summary.Basically APs on 2.4 GHz are only allowed 36 dBm 4 W EIRP, no matter what antenna shape. This is usually not a problem though, since stations tend to have weaker transmitters anyway, but will still benefit from the AP s enhanced antenna gain.
At 25-50 a head for food and alcohol at reception alone, that is a huge number unless you come from wealth... However I think I read somewhere the average cost of South Asian wedding is 100-150k in California. Ouch.
Oh god. It makes sense, but still sound awful.If you are a good person and your company has a positive effect on them?
Are you honestly, and I mean honestly honestly, trying to argue that needing to scroll then move your mouse to reach a target can not be thought of as a target being further away when it comes to Fitts law and the relationship between distance and time to acquire a target? It seems to me that you are choosing to focus on the specific text used in a rule as opposed to the concept that rule is trying to convey. I don t enjoy arguing over that sort of thing whatsoever, so I ll have to call it a day and go back to spreading mulch. Good day
You spammed Metafilter with this and it didn t go well it got your account banned
This is a good sentiment, and we should have the pride to create quality at all times...But the appeal of the quote comes from that magic word professional, and the respect, autonomy, and pay associated with it. Promising that the Respect and Pay Fairy will anoint you a Professional once you become the very best FactoryBeanListenerObject builder in the bowels of Enterprise doesn t tell the whole story.The word has suffered the same fate C.S. Lewis ascribed to gentlemen and Christian When a word ceases to be a term of description and becomes merely a term of praise, it no longer tells you facts about the object it only tells you about the speaker s attitude to that object. A nice meal only means a meal the speaker likes. A gentleman, once it has been spiritualised and refined out of its old coarse, objective sense, means hardly more than a man whom the speaker likes. As a result, gentleman is now a useless word. For more on this topic, I highly recommend michaelochurch s November essay on what a true profession of programming might look like.
What a horribly confusing control mechanism. It could become very hard to distinguish between 1 desynchronization 2 your copilot yielding control to you and 3 a control jam being overcome. They would all feel exactly the same. Not the sort of ambiguity you would want in an emergency situation!
Lasting and supported are obviously different things. How much support do you get for a laptop from 2013 2014? I guess Linux stuff can still run, but I would imagine for most folks, there s going to be a practical limit re the software they want or need to run still working on hardware that old. Software will still run, but possibly not with newer security patches. And yep, with open source you can patch some of it yourself, but that market seems niche, and yes, that s not going to be Apple for your preferences.
Hence point 1 I think that the press has done a better job at pretend objectivity during my lifetime than it has at actually being objective.
Is there any disincentivize to using the warp zones so that people don t always skip levels when they know how to?
5 says it s the food and not the plastic that the food comes in.
I forgot about this, interesting. There is also oneko.
I m not talking about Zuck trying to buy a personality in the form of a custom yacht. I m talking about Epstein and people like that who prefer to rent people against their will, or the Sacklers who will gladly set ethics and death tolls aside if there is enough profit opportunity.Billionaires should to go jail for tax fraud, preferably in proportion to the amount of money they stole. They are not running their itemized deductions by a typical accounting firm. They are seeking out teams of lawyers and accountants with a reputation for hiding money, and paying millions of dollars because they expect them to be good at it.
If you don t have an online presence, it must mean you have something to hide...
Important While the study was not aimed at establishing a causal connection between weapons industry funding and the think tanks positions, it acknowledges that funding typically plays a major role in shaping the institutions.
That s the model used by Flattr 1 . They started years ago. Not sure why adoption is taking so long. Flattr is a browser add-on that intelligently measures your interaction with content on the websites you visit, and then automatically distributes the right amount of funds to those sites you engage with the most. 1
No it s not quite the same, the fact that all the conversion factors between ft and in and lb and oz are weird numbers rather than power of tens means that if someone gives me a weird compound unit for example forces and distances in DNA are measured in piconewton and nanometer I can t do the math in my head.tl dr the point it s not the fact that it s metric, but that it s decimal.
What is the cost per transaction? I know stripe charges 85bps.
The whole book is an invariant section!
No, around 40k year, before taxes.
Encryption does nothing if you can just query the decrypted data.Other than giving a false sense of security.Even if the database is encrypted, something has to access the decrypted data and is vulnerable to attack.
Isn t it included in the severance packages?Just curious. Or you want the severance package to be 30k more?
That s a matter for the court to decide, then. Not for a plaintiff to claim non-existent or dubious factual claims as to lost income.
On the flipside e.g. in Germany this has been used to track down creators of illegal graffiti, using a law that is intended for terrorism and other heavy crimes. We can allow search and rescue missions without having to also accept abuse of power.
The American elementary and high school education system would do young students a huge favour by abandoning the use of electronic calculators. I have no doubt that the abacus is a superb pedagogical tool but simple pencil and paper calculation would be a huge improvement over the calculator culture in early mathematical education.I majored in Applied Mathematics in university and did not use a calculator in a single class or exam - it was explicitly forbidden to use them.But I was also educated in the American elementary and high school curriculum. I am thoroughly convinced that the use of calculators in the American system does a huge disservice to students. The calculator culture begins at an astonishingly young age, in elementary school, when kids are first introduced to the Texas Instruments TI-108 calculator 1 . This bright blue and red, solar-powered gadget is very exciting for children in a classroom, but it is poison. At the very age that students should be drilling mental math, they are instead given this huge crutch. It s like never taking the training wheels off a child s bicycle, robbing them of the opportunity to actually learn to ride a bicycle.The same story is repeated in middle school with the same TI-108 . And then you reach high school. You would think that at least now the the training wheels would come off. But instead, you are upgraded from bicycle with training wheels to an adult-sized tricycle. I am, of course, speaking of the Texas Instruments graphing calculator 2 . This abomination is a full-fledged programmable computer with CAS software. You are encouraged even required to use this machine all the way through Advanced Placement Calculus. If you are not distracted in class playing video games on your graphing calculator, then you may use it to automatically solve algebraic and trigonometric equations and evaluate derivatives and integrals. Why bother memorizing identities when you can just program them into a computer? If you have been programming from an early age, then you may be in the worst place possible because you are predisposed to wasting your time trying to program your way out of math homework instead of focusing on learning math. When students complain about why they have to learn Calculus, your American math teachers tell you that nobody in the real world actually solves integrals by hand and it s all done on computers, but you have to learn it anyway for obscure pedagogical reasons. An aspiring future Comp Sci student is likely to take this as a clear signal that it s all a waste of time, and soon high school will be over and you ll never need to worry about this antiquated Calculus thing again - your computer will do it all for you.There are other ways in which American mathematics education is extremely flawed, but the calculator culture is the worst offence by far. I suspect that the bureaucrats who decide on such things rationalize this by calibrating the curriculum to what they see as the lowest common denominator student who will never need to learn anything beyond basic algebra and arithmetic. The goal of the system is to train this student to be a productive, low-wage worker, with just enough mathematical training to be able to mindlessly punch numbers into a cash register or simple spreadsheet on the rare occasion that the need for numerical computation may arise in their careers. I have a three year old and I have no idea what I could do to save him from this insane system, short of moving to a different continent. 1 2
From the original article EFAIL describes vulnerabilities in the end-to-end encryption technologies OpenPGP and S MIME that leak the plaintext of encrypted emails.I don t understand how this is being touted as vulnerabilities in OpenPGP and S MIME.Sure there is undefined behavior in the OpenPGP and S MIME standards but if implementations choose an insecure behavior for the undefined behavior, then it is a flaw in the implementation, not the standard.
If you want a bad treatment in developer community, this is the way to go.Expectation surely changed in the last years. I have an M1 and don t expect any software to accommodate my bad choice of platforms, especially if there are ways you can just run it anyway.
like they want to use it to lower traditional auditing costs in developing countries. Not sure how the blockchain tech is supposed to help tracking materials or establish trust in such an environment but that s not really my field - presumably it adds a component of different people creating a digital paper trail that s harder to manipulate. That s an application compliance people in a few sectors seem to like these days, guess we ll see if it actually makes sense over traditional efforts in N years.
Great Silicon Valley Echo Chamber in action.
Between Hound and Travis... I don t really see a use case for this... yet.
It s been a very long time since this happened, but in my early days of using Linux, I experienced naming collisions with both sponge and parallel, and at the time I didn t know how to resolve them. I don t remember which other sponge there was, but I imagine most Linux users are familiar with GNU parallel at this point.
If he hasn t already, the author should really read The Lean Startup before criticizing the term that it popularized. In the context of the Lean Startup, the V in MVP doesn t refer to financial viability. To apply the scientific method to a startup, we need to identify which hypotheses to test. I call the riskiest elements of a startup s plan, the parts on which everything depends, leap-of-faith assumptions. Once clear on these leap-of-faith assumptions, the first step is to enter the Build phase as quickly as possible with a minimum viable product MVP . The MVP is that version of the product that enables a full turn of the Build-Measure-Learn loop with a minimum amount of effort and the least amount of development time. - Eric Ries, The Lean StartupAn MVP is simply the smallest possible product that is capable of testing your assumptions about the value you think you can provide to customers. An MVP doesn t have to represent a viable business model, it only has to provide a viable means of testing your assumptions.
Shoot. I saw Fusion and thought Autodesk. I d forgotten that VMware was still a thing.
A program hardcoded to respond to a scenario and question with the exact output desired by the ToM task. For example INPUT Scenario The morning of the high school dance Sarah placed her high heel shoes under her dress and then went shopping. That afternoon, her sister borrowed the shoes and later put them under Sarah s bed. Question When Sarah gets ready, does she assume her shoes are under her dress? OUTPUT Sarah placed her shoes under her dress before she went shopping, but her sister borrowed them and put them under Sarah s bed. Sarah doesn t know that her sister borrowed her shoes, so she may assume that they are still under her dress.This would result in a positive ToM score, even when the entire program is just 1 static if-statement. The ToM score says nothing of the program s internal reasoning process, it only cares that it returned the desired output.
I ve filled out multiple hundreds of pages of visa and immigration forms, and I have never had to tell them what religion I am. Barring the use of country of origin or other specious proxies for religion, the feds still have no idea what religion I am.Heuristic searches for muslims definitely exist - but they aren t as simple as you make them out to be.
This article refers to something occurring in 2014 with State Department email credentials and somehow loosely connecting that with the 2016 DNC email leak.Besides showing that email is not really that secure in the first place and evidenced by Ms. Clinton s own maintenance of a personal email server , it doesn t show any evidence that Cozy Bear was behind the DNC leak.Assange himself seemed to implicate Seth Rich, a DNC staffer who was shot twice in the back in a mysterious murder in July of 2016
Customization vs security, probably.
Interesting how often the perceived racial equality of the USA comes up as an advantage over China in terms of their perception in the developing world - I wonder if the policies of the Trump administration are in the process of tipping that balance the other way.
I tip fat for everything. It s my way of evening everything out a tiny bit.
The means of productions should be owned by the workers is a direct corollary of we should have a stateless and classless society Unless you can explain to me how you can have private ownership of factories and peasants working on land that isn t their own without having a class system, which is itself a contradiction in terms.The communalisation of farmland and factories by the CNT FAI and by the CPSU were also completely different. The CPSU communalized them into the state, while the CNT FAI generally put them into direct control of the workers, generally by putting them into the control of pre-existing unions.
Thanks for the comment Paul. There is some more discussion over at Venture Hacks
The process is the punishment
Yes, the recent popularity stems from Bostrom s simulation argument trilemma. But everyone always jumps over that, takes it as granted that we live in a simulation, and proposes some wild ideas how we could find evidence or what might be hints of the simulation. This is what I wanted to address, that this is a relatively hopeless endeavour and I do have the impression that most people talking about living in a simulation are not aware of this. Despite, as you point out, it being a variation of solipsism about which people have pondered for centuries.To address the actual trilemma, I think the solution is that there are or will be no simulations. Generally the most compact representation of a thing is the thing itself. If you want to simulate something faithfully, then the simulator will need more resources than what you simulate. You are not going to build an electron simulator that needs less than one electron to simulate one electron. You are not going to simulate a computer with a gigabyte of memory on a computer with a gigabyte of memory. That might work under special conditions, when the simulated memory is mostly zeros and you can compress it, but it will not work in general.You can simulate the weather on earth well enough for the whether forecast to be useful if you throw away enough details, but you are not going to simulate it in full detail with a computer much smaller than earth s atmosphere. Simulating a cubic meter of universe faithfully will generally require at least a cubic meter of computer. I do not see us building galaxy-size computers. The other option would be to go the way of the weather forecast, make the simulation as simple as possible, simulate entire humans but not cells or atoms to make the problem tractable. That seems much more plausible.In both cases it seems unlikely to me that you could deeply nest simulations. If you have a faithful simulation and simulating a cubic meter of universe requires two cubic meters of computer, then you could at best simulate a universe half the size of the real universe if you turned the entire universe into a computer. The people in that simulated universe could at best build a simulation half the size of their universe and so on. The simulated volume would exponentially approach zero with increasing nesting level.If you go the other way, if you simulate entire humans and not cells or atoms, then it is not even clear how the simulated people would go about creating their own simulator as simulating arbitrary machines is not part of the simulation. So you are forced to move towards a more faithful simulation mechanism if you want to enable nested simulations which, as said, will probably shrink the simulation volume rather quickly.
One thing I assumed when watching the Animatrix, but never had confirmed, was that the name 01 was chosen because it sounds a bit like Zion .
The good news is that you don t need that big of a community for a language to do well. It does, of course, need to be big enough, but you don t need to compete too hard with the big corporation-backed languages to have your language community grow enough that it can sustain itself.Of course, I guess I don t have any real data on it, so this is just my intuition based on observing various languages. So, you know, just my 2 cents.
Setup your email server to swallow all . I did this and after a few years I got around one million spam mails per day.I guess that if the emails never bounce they will keep sending new stuff to you. It s like saying yes, yes, yes to a sales person, they will just keep adding more stuff P
I m sure New Orleans is fascinating but I m leaning towards something way less busy and urban. For whatever reason being close to nature limbers up my thinking and inspires my creative side.
Thanks! So I m guessing the issue might be that Android mandates 4kb page sizes whilst the A10 CPU has a minimum of 16kb. Whilst Ubuntu and other standard distros don t care?
Has any child ever gotten better at something they don t have to do?Nope, and it s compounded by the fact the vast majority of academical math is irrelevant to life unless and until you make your way into a path of life that requires some of it.Math education is fundamentally flawed because it attempts to teach irrelevant factoids in a manner that explicitly avoids teaching the hows and whys. No wonder most people end up hating the subject.
Plenty of popsci journos write as if nature is intelligent and driven by some purpose.You might want to read The intentional stance by the famous philosopher Daniel Dennett. This is a pretty useful analytic approach for many problems e.g. we commonly say things like the thermostat tries to keep the temperature within three degrees of its set point .I agree it is distressing that many people interpret such metaphors literally.
My favorite
Snapseed iOS, Android has a great and simple user interface that you need to be taught to use first.
Can t we just pass a law that is incompatible with this proposal? Or can a new law always overrule existing laws?
who would pay phone billsAdvertisers or data brokers? They re already subsidizing the purchase price of TVs.
and
Hear hear.
That channel link doesn t help anyone, unless you have an invitation link to the server itself.
Interesting, in my experience it works perfectly fine and delivers superior tooling as well as products.What it doesn t do is justify the process drag introduced by designers who aren t domain experts or design for the sake of design.
Since you got rid of the MySQL bottleneck, it seems your server architecture now simply isn t able to handle higher concurrency. If you suddenly got 5-10x the number of users, you d have the same problems as before adding your AJAX queueing, right? That s, of course, assuming nothing else breaks first due to the increased traffic.
Absurd nonsense.
Let s examine the proposition.Firefox pros the browser works, has good support for add-ons and some features not found in Chrome such as containers. Can generally be assumed to be privacy-friendly to some degreeCons some cringe-worthy decisions such as that Mr. Robot thing, the sort of waste of donations in the OP link, and occasional minor performance issues compared to Chrome. The biggest problem seems to be the continued survival of the project over timeChrome pros I don t use Chrome but as far as I can tell it benefits from being the default browser that devs optimize for and reportedly has good developer tools.cons essentially a monopolistic data-gathering tool for one of the shadiest ad companies on Earth. Slowly introducing user-unfriendly features, even in ChromiumAs far as I can tell the rational choice would be Firefox or some derivative browser barring some specific technical need for Chrome. The downsides of Chrome just seem so much more egregious than the occasional Mozilla silliness.
Apologies for nitpicking, but your post was quite hard to read due to typos. Most of the time my brain auto-translates typos without me realizing it, but the ones in your post really interrupted my reading flow. YMMV.The content was interesting, thank you. Good point about niche sites like dpreview.
Specifically a four way stop, and I m not sure I agree that it isn t a good analogy. It s an autonomous system traffic laws commanding human behavior.
I agree with this, I just wish they d open source more of their technology. It s sad that they ve spent time creating things like a blazing fast Javascript engine from scratch, and nobody else can make use of it.
Yes that is the truth,nobody knows the future. But we you see something coming right at us, why still so much doubt?
its all much of a muchness. You can use a linear function at the nodes to project the space before applying a . However, all these tweaks tend to just consume CPU for marginal benefit. You can still appoximate a non axis aligned decision boundary with a series of stepwise aligned splits, albeit less compactly. But if your aim is to just generate a ton of non linear distance functions ... a la random forest, focusing on tree expressivity is the wrong thing. Why not spend your CPU cycles on more trees instead instead, which leads to smoother decision boundaries in general when mixing their responses. There is a ton of tweaks you can do, but unless you are expressly researching ML algorithms, the pragmatist should not care and just try a few options from whatever comes in scipy.
If you live in a city in the Netherlands, you are surely used to 90 of vehicles as in, bikes not making a sound?
Full PDF here
I don t think it was ever in doubt, or really an urban legend. It was an openly reported fact at the time, in multiple newspapers, and confirmed by an Atari spokesperson. The Alamogordo Daily News ran a series of articles, and the main controversy at the time was local indignation that Atari might be dumping electronic waste in New Mexico without permits, which led to some changes in dumping laws. That a bunch of unsold E.T. cartridges were among the waste was reported matter-of-factly, and only seems to have gained mythical status sometime later, as a kind of symbol of the 83 crash. And then that mythical status morphed into people doubting that it happened at all! But now they dug it up and found exactly what the 1983 newspapers said.It s being reported as having confirmed something that was previously mere rumor or legend, but it wasn t actually very mysterious or hidden at the time.
I disagree.A support contract allows you to hold a sub-contractor accountable. But that s the extent of what an SLA does. What it doesn t do is diminish your responsibility towards anyone who relies on the services you provide yourself. These are distinct things.Put more succinctly, if the network s down that s still very much your problem. Especially if you over-promised 100 availability to the end users of your services. Your end users do not care about Cisco, EMC or Nimble. They don t have contracts with any of those. They have a contract with you and they can and will hold you accountable if you don t deliver on what you sold them.
As much as I d rather do it, I stop drinking anything about an hour before bed. Kind of sucks because I d like to go to be hydrated.
There s still tape, or optical disks, or other SSDs flash media. All have their drawbacks, but so do HDDs.
Thanks! I will definitely dig into these. I absolutely agree regarding VC. Even if for some reason you DID want VC calling the shots, it s still way too early. If you look at the company itself in terms of an MVP, why go selling it to a customer before its ready?
It s hard to give general advice without knowing your specific situation. Ignoring GDPR has serious risks, though, as you already said.In my company Germany we work together with an external data protection officer, who was of great help for us dealing with the GDPR requirements. So maybe you find it worth talking to one, just to get a better understanding of the matter.
Or maybe even earlier by Cicero. Seems like a common sentiment through history. Thanks for the link!
Does this control for total energy intake because it s a way more interesting result if it s not people who eat plants eat less and non-overweight people have less risk of CVD? Because this study is huge if that s the case.
You must have leet scuba skills with searching skills like that.Nothing to do with scuba, and if you did any operational work you d know that it s in the category of tools that are often flaky due to lack of QA. It s also worth noting that the link you provide only shows 41 listings, and most of those merely mention familiarity with QA in some boilerplate for what s obviously a developer position. Leet reading skills you have there. Percentage-wise, there are fewer true QA positions there than we have E-10s. For a company that hires 10K a year, that s indistinguishable from zero. AR VR, Oculus, portal and workplaceIn other words some small percentage of the company, none of it near me. All of the systems that the profitable parts of Facebook rely on - to provision systems, monitor systems, store data, move data around, analyze data, etc. - rely entirely on developer testing. So here s an amended statement to make you happy. 99.9 of Facebook has no QA, and the rest has really bad QA.
Two things - capitalism replaces Mercantilism, and declining marginal value of money. So yeah - there are equalizing forces within capitalism relative to other systems.
This is the copyright cop model of software development. The idea is you make something attractive and then rely on social control mechanisms to punish people if they touch in ways you don t like. This business model is identical to proprietary models, and requires lawyers and all that, as you note, because you ve created a system that incentivizes erstwhile customers to step outside the model that makes you money.Another model is to make something attractive, give it away, and sell something else that goes well with it. Now customer interests are more aligned with yours.RH sold for 11 digits doing the second.
The story of import this
I don t recall catastrophic tones, nor do I think the current houthi situation is being underplayed.I think you and I subscribe to different media sources and this is your warning sign that yours are too sensationalistic.
If they had put the bucket behind a CDN costs would have been dramatically lower.
China has already begun salami slicing bits of Russia
It s pretty offensive to compare average European housing with a slum.
It s remarkably telling that no one who s pushing back has any answer to this line of reasoning.I wonder how they might benefit from retconning the notion of open source to fit the ways they re describing models now. At this point it seems bad faith in more than just a naive way.
Thanks kindly. Will look forward to chatting.
Ever heard of iOS?In any case, AOT and OS IPC cover most cases, welcome to UNIX pre-shared-objects.In any case, Midori had another approach.
Nothing! Launched and now have profit! Going Lean and doing customer dev before product dev was a huge factor for success.
Now someone get on making Monkey Island 3 please.They already did, or am I misunderstanding?
Thanks for sharing. Ultimately my decision to go with the EZ was based on the reputation of customer support and solidity of build. The reports of malfunctioning parts combined with poor responses from the company exists but are few and far between. It has been my personal experience as well that the support email is very responsive. I ve only ever asked about firmware related things, as my EZs have withstood the rest of time 4 years physically. They cover the bases on being easy to manipulate as far as firmware configuration and switch selection the basics .
semantic quibbling
6-3 ruling represented the biggest moment for LGBT rightsWhy did 3 vote against? Is there an explanation for their reasoning?
Do not make money in the sick room - Hippocrates
Do you want anything from them? Equity, severance, back pay, health care for 18 months i mean besides cobra . If so, this is your chance to negotiate something. All the advice about a attorney, i agree with.
There are also people who were hit because they got margin called. The process here seems a bit ridiculous and the compensation completely understandable. If Interactive Brokers gives me a margin call, I have a couple days to cough up the funds. They don t immediately liquidate my account.
Appwrite started as an open-source project 2 years ago. Last year we started a company and got a 10m seed from top VCs like Bessemer and Flybridge ex-Firebase investors to help us grow the community and speed product development.
There is no free market on the price of money. This is exactly central planning.
I remember seeing a study which showed exposure to UV appears to prevent myopia as well, which is another relevant factor outdoors.
Yea, I found the price point really disappointing. This only makes sense for large commercial users - leaves cruisers and small commercial customers high and dry.
Ah, I worked in a place like this. We had a lightweight Fagan inspection process with 4 roles and all that stuff and some scripts we wrote to ensure each commit was either reviewed or explicitly skipped.It was OK - definitely better than nothing, but with its own problems. Biggest defects were the worst - lets say someone made a new library function and inspection found out that function should not exist at all. By the time it s time to make a fix, code might already be used. The latency was not so great -- to save time, we often requested a review of entire patch series so the time from the first commit to the first comment was pretty long.Later on for business reasons we had to stop working on that codebase and start all new code from scratch. Everyone on the team voted to switch to pull review code review before commit and we never looked back.Thinking back about this, the main reason to use post-inspection was that the tooling sucked. Back then we had SVN and branches were super heavy, the easiest way to share code was to email files around, and combining yours and someone else s unpublished changed was arcane process which could easily lead to data loss. Additionally, all sort of tooling, like advanced tests and staging environment required code on master. So making merge quick and easy was the only solution.Luckily by the time we started again git was around but not github, and we self-hosted everything anyway , so we improved the tooling itself. Turns out having lightweight branches is great! And being able to tell a colleague PTAL at my branch is also great! And we improved tooling so we could push any branch to staging or run extended tests on any commit! And we can review the code and fix it before having entire company use it! So the fact that a PR might take a day or two to land was not a big deal at all.If you are still on the post-commit reviews, take a look at your processes. The new features are great, and you might be missing out on them. This assumes a medium sized team. If it s just 2 people working on a codebase, the benefits are much less and costs are relatively bigger
Or the people that really think they have something worth selling i.e. not spam will take pictures and pay to post a few of them. This could actually make it easier for buyers to spot posts from serious sellers. The number of pictures may indicate the seller s confidence in the product. Of course, there s still the potential for spammers willing to pay to post pictures, but at a dollar each I don t think the margins would be anywhere near, say, email spam which costs virtually nothing.
That s a lot of words for an entry level Photoshop tutorial.
I think he ll never need a resume anymore..
It s pretty hard to miss. On the link you provided, it s a great big section right below the top one which explains which John Mayer recordings are not allowed on archive.org and which are.More broadly, archive.org does operate in a legally gray area. But by trying to be a comprehensive archive but providing straightforward mechanisms for rights holders to opt out including retroactively --and by being a non-profit that doesn t run advertising--they seem to strike a reasonable balance for most people.
There is a higher resolution picture of the cockpit here avionics seem to be what you would get in a Cessna or other small plane. The airspeed indicator marks the never exceed speed at 260kts.Based on the interior picture it also looks like the fuselage is made out of molded chopped strand mat fiberglass, the same type of material you d find in the hull of a boat rather than an aircraft.
Nice, I ll have to try it out - Swagger UI has always been a pain with various add-ons in Flask, and it looks like it s built-in and easy with FastAPI.Flask is still my go-to Python web framework. Ten years on, and I haven t stopped loving how small, elegant, and flexible it is. It set the bar for many other similar projects.
I think an important thing to note is that the university of California Academic Senate not exactly a body that is seeking to overthrow liberal narratives conducted a review on the effects of eliminating the SAT, and concluded that eliminating the SAT would disadvantage non-asian minorities. They then voted unanimously to keep standardized testing, but were overruled by the UC regents, who made their decision based on no evidence at all, resulting in UC dropping standardized tests.
Particularly that one.
Ever thought about a management consulting company with a heavey it-focus? target audience banks, insurance companies.
I honestly love the idea of individual experimentation. Like, there has to be a not-quite-scientific-but-almost-scientific approach that people can reasonably handle on their own. I d love to see a book that outlines how to find the right diet that works for you. Like an operational guidebook showing you how to cut out specific foods, and how to watch for and observe changes to see what the effects are on your body.
Working on a side project. An app that should help to use mobile devices more focused and purposeful. App simply prompts users to type an intention before using the device Android , certain apps iOS . I m making it privacy-focused, no analytics, no sign-ups, with local data storage. At first, I solved my issues with phone usage and now I m trying to make the app easier to use and I focus on users feedback to improve retention.
The other side of the coin people who get easily fished by scams get more and more well targeted scams.I had to help deal with a scam on a very low profile product less than 20 worth that will just never arrive, the company just vanished away and she was left to deal with her bank to convince for a chargeback. I thought it was just back luck, but I got to look at her timeline later on, and half of the ads could have been same level scams.
I wrote a piece of code controlling an assembly line machine. These machines require manual operation, and would come with a light curtain, which detects when someone places their hand near the moving parts, and should temporarily stop the machine.A relatively minor bug in the software that I wrote caused the safety curtain to stop triggering when a certain condition was met. We discovered this bug after an operator was injured by one of these machines. Her hand needed something like 14 stitches.Lessons learnt 1. Event-driven code is hard.2. There s no difference between a relatively minor bug and a major one. The damage is still the same.
Out of all dumb ideas sticking a logic board into a non-calibrated oven to bake takes a cake.
Ah, thanks. I appreciate the link.
Yes, that s correct. Apart from the fact that the programs are apparently written in Java, Oracle Corporation has nothing to do with this.There s a section of the web site on licensing NIST technologies, and links to patent license applications. Without a specific license for this patent, it s not clear how I m allowed to use it. May I use the programs commercially? May I modify them?
They ll get hit and sheared off by plows and over-size loads, or just by drunks or idiots still driving dumb cars.I do not think people have a solid grasp of how many millions of miles of road would need to be technified for self-driving cars to be widely viable.Most likely, it s going to be a niche thing, tightly restricted to certain places that can afford to build and maintain the infrastructure.
It s funny because I consider other languages like roman numerals, unhomogeneous bunch of constructs that don t work well with themselves, meanwhile lisp is an infinite tower.Now maybe there are better notations though. I m all ears.
Go s language spec is a much fuzzier document targeted towards language users much like e.g. Python s language reference there is no way you can write a clean-slate implementation just from the language spec.That s not correct. The Go spec is designed to be a precise specification of the language, targeted at language implementers. Ian Lance Taylor incidentally, the author of these generics proposals wrote gccgo based on that spec. There have been a couple of other implementations based on that spec since.The main Go compiler itself was implemented from that spec, too. The spec comes first.
Be careful if it smells like birthday cake when you re working with lion cellsThis is hilariously specific. I wasn t sure how to describe that sweet smell of li-ion packs immolating. Birthday cake seems to fit it perfectly.
That s flattering as I m not a native speaker
or at least resolving to. -P
I felt it more a transgression to tell people I was a programmer and I still feel uncomfortable with the label engineer despite having the title long enough to be uncomfortable saying how long . Then again art is what led me to code, I learned how to program first and foremost because the telling people was either too limited no established platforms to publish music or too tedious tons of redundant work adding metadata to self hosted published material, then adding it to HTML as well, then updating everything to reflect any new navigation .More than all of that though, I ve long felt that programming computers is art. You don t have to identify with that, but it s a fundamentally creative pursuit. It s full of choices and expression and compromise and imperfection. At least from my perspective, anyone who has made something that makes machines do things is qualified to claim the title artist if they would like to.
The word ban is doing a lot of work here. As I read and commented earlier it s merely an informal decision by the village mayor that smombies are to be discouraged.The headmaster of a school who says no to phones probably has more clout.What amused me in that article was the kid who said he needed GPS to find his way around... in a village of 2000 people.
The lack of a shower and having to carry all your luggage when you leave the train. I have in the past ridden overnight trains and slept in them, reducing the need for accommodation by one night. I think if you pack lightly, you can certainly do this alternating traveling and staying every couple of days for a while, but you will quickly cover a lot of ground that way. There will be times you want to hop on a shorter train for a couple of hours and no more, because a place you want to see is close-by.
It certainly feels like mathematics is better about leaky abstractions. It gets a lot more slack though because it s interpreted by mathematicians which can plug the leaks.For example, there s multiple formal definitions of integrals. They aren t strictly equivalent! But when we calculate an integral, we don t concern ourselves with the differences unless they are relevant.
I d rather have a Repl than a modern IDE .C does not have or need a Repl because it s not designed for giant single programs anyway. Unix is the C Repl.
It s xkcd s, all the way down.Forgot your link 1 1
Actually GPT-3 is a Markov chain. A Markov chain is a very general term. Just because the simplest ones are stupid, doesn t mean there aren t smarter ones.A Markov chain is a model where 1 there is a state, 2 the probabilities of the next state depend only on the current state.That could describe anything from a wet fart to a deterministic computer to GPT-3 to the human mind to quantum mechanics the real one, not a simulation .If I unplug the Internet and all USB devices, my computer is a Markov chain with at least several trillion bits of state, so 2 several trillion possible states. And there is one next state, which has a probability of 1, and all other possible states have a probability of 0. That s a Markov chain.GPT models choose the next word probabilistically, with the probabilities chosen by feeding the previous N words into a neural network. That sounds like a Markov chain to me!
Not a concern. Hackers encrypt their high balance wallet.dat then store it on dropbox whatever. Spending money is kept in a bitcoin bank say Once your bank wallet is too big or too small you just decrypt one of your wallet.dat files and transfer a portion of the money back to your bank wallet. Recrypt the now changed wallet.dat and you are good to go.Once if normal people start using bitcoin I highly doubt that they would even bother with the client Encrypt my what? Wallet.dat? I could lose everything? . They would probably just use a highly reputable bitcoin bank. It could stay anonymous because there could be cash for bitcoin like sites around cities and a transfer could be made into the bitcoin bank without anyone ever knowing.As for a virus in the bitcoin client itself, that has been tried a couple times. Each time someone tries a pull request with malicious code the forums irc light on fire. Also, people are highly wary of new people submitting pull requests.
That s still not easy enough to do. UDP is simple enough but doing TCP in those drivers is still a pain. There are DPDK with LWIP or with some BSD tacked on top but so far I didn t find something that I can just take for a ride in that area.For the extreme cases you really want to control the packet allocation for receive and make the buffers your app uses be also used for the network transmit so you get a real zero-copy.
I ve had some interesting discussions on just how far back climate change concerns go back in sci-fi. There are famous works as far back to the 1950s from my reading. To be fair, you do have to discount and untangle many of the very wrong and worst parts especially eugenics of Malthusianism 1 the further back you go, but environmentalism and anthropogenic climate change even if the models of the causes were sometimes very wrong have long been concerns in sci-fi used to provide many, many warnings of some stuff we see applicable today as more than just fiction, sadly . Soylent Green has its Malthusianism to discount as well Green as a solution is eugenics and a warning of Soylent Green is one to beware of eugenics as a deeply suspect solution to anthropogenic climate change . That s still sometimes a message people need to hear today. Eugenics is nearly an anti-solution, but plenty of people still raise the specter of it when climate change gets debated. 1
They collect a lot of donation money during their funding drives, it s obvious they have a fan base. College radio stations also get a funding source via NPR, and they provide a venue for local programming, but yes, colleges are going to be way to the left of anything really. If people didn t want NPR, it would be gone already, but the fact that those people aren t everyone well, the only kind of news that wouldn t offend anyone would be as dry as C-Span.I don t really have a radio in my car anymore so it s a moot point, I just stream whatever short newscast they have while driving just to catch up. I get the feeling that a lot of drivers are like this now, and they might be scrambling for a new model to match, and that s going to cause some content upheaval and if they didn t adapt, they wouldn t exist now, we wouldn t be talking about them at all .
He ll make a lot more money if he doesn tHe supposedly didn t care about the money. He didn t take equity.
Hadley Wickham s R for Data Science 1 is a generally good starting reference. 1
The only useful advice I got out of IRC was to stay in offline mode until I had copied over to a local folder . They didn t say anything about a configuration option that would allow me to avoid the sync deletion.Of course, this was in Feb 2011. Maybe things have changed now.
While trueIs it? I never understood the reasoning. What makes you think Apple is better than Xiaomi Samsung Google whatever?
why would Google enforce COPPA compliance internationally?Because it s Google an American company who have to comply with COPPA and not some children of any nationality .
I run two software companies and we don t do any of these interviews there. I see no need any normal discussion and probably a code review done together can cover it. When you apply for jobs, look out for these companies. And write that you won t participate in any of these gone-mad interviews.
According to a paper by Eric Brewer, the author of the original CAP theorem, Google Spanner technically is not a CA system 1 . It is advertised as such because partitons are supposed to be exceedingly rare as the infrastructure is outstanding and a lot of operating experience is present 1 .I believe at the end of the day the CAP theorem is too fuzzy for such discussions. 1
If it s being gamed to the top, then no. Otherwise, why not?Why not ask yourself if it is intellectually stimulating rather than trying to decide whether N.C. or A.C. are categorically worthy of Hacker News front page?
The freedom to contract is what I described. The prohibitions you bring up violate the freedom to contract.You re making an appeal to legality to claim that freedom to contract doesn t exist, which is an intellectually weak argument. Contracts are legal instruments defined and enforced by the governmentA contract is defined by the parties that sign it. It is an agreement. Agreements between individuals are not defined by the government.In other words, agreements do not exist only by virtue of the govermment willing them to exist. They are private arrangements that we have delegated the enforcement of to govermment. Because you are stating that anything other than absolute freedom is central planning.I asked you why because I don t see what s hyperbolic about that. Any rule that supplants free choice with a rule imposed by a central authority is an expansion of the scope of central planning at the expense of personal freedom.This is absolutely undeniable and I don t understand why you re trying to make it out to be a controversial statement. Beyond all of this, you started off this thread by saying that you think this will bias the journalists and affect their integrity. You ve moved the goalposts multiple timesHow could you possibly accuse me of that, when I was only answering the questions posed to me?You re not treating me reasonably at all.
When I was working at Amazon a few years ago, PowerPoint was banned for most employees at least for engineers and their immediate management . It was refreshing to see that the presenters had to be prepared to communicate a well thought-out topic, instead of relying on the slides or worse, reading out the slides verbatim . Any dense form of communication had to be done in writing beforehand.In my opinion, slides should only be used to visualize information charts, digrams, illustrations, etc. They should also, sparingly, demonstrate the structure of the presentation think of it as a serialized version of your mind map. Any more information should come from the presenter otherwise.
Oh wow, that is nasty.
I think you are mistaken. Activation is unrelated to cellular service. Activation is an anti-theft feature. E.g. even M1 macs are subject to activation and activation lock. the sim card in a device immediately triggers activation e.g. to stop someone from using a stolen, passwordless device as their own . So, if the sim went bad, it seems plausible that the device might need to re-activate.
If I were in a startup, and we d grown and grown, and we d reached a certain milestone e.g. Instagram selling for a billion dollars , I would make a Gource of the repository and have it displayed on screens at the office party.
Yep! It turns out that by being familiar with the terrain you can nearly always travel anywhere without engaging anyone, often without even being seen. This component of guerilla warfare was well portrayed.Traveling through obscure routes was the best part of the game IMO.
I guess you are in a good situation. My work often keeps me very busy but almost nothing of it is meaningful or challenging. It s mainly just a repeat of the same thing.
That makes me think. Could one make a remote inflatable vest? Basically, one of those vests they equip aircraft with, but with a remote control attached as well. While deflated, it wouldn t have a significant effect on buoyancy or encumbrance, so the child could learn to swim naturally. If one notices one s child in distress one could inflate it with the push of a button.
Most fruit and vegetables you eat have some element of manual labour.And that is relevant how? Try growing tomato.You try. Literally nothing you said except 45-60 days is correct. And literally none of it is relevant to the discussion. What on earth does tomatoes taking 60 days to start producing fruit have to do with no-till or weeds? Pro-tip my garden is full of tomatoes. It is not tilled, plowed, weeded, fertilized, irrigated, or sprayed with anything. Pruning tomatoes lowers the yield per plant, it only increases the yield per sq foot, which is why only greenhouse producers do it. Compared to tomato production tilling is a low effort.So because you have a garden and you waste lots of time gardening poorly, that means it makes sense to waste even more time doing more unnecessary labor to lower your yields? Tilling is labor, saying I do lots of even dumber things doesn t change this. In Europe only like 4 farmland is zero-till.So those 4 are magic and defying the laws of physics? Or those 96 are dumbasses? Zero-till can only be used for very specific crops.Nonsense. Name a single crop that you think can not be grown no-till and I will show you someone growing it no-till.
That s an artifact of including a specific time in your prediction. If you made that same statement time-invariant GME will moon it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Inaccurate, loads far too fast.
That s true. Sir Richard Branson probably didn t do well in school and probably wouldn t have had he continued that route.
The linked recipe has 4 tablespoons of light brown sugar.
Perhaps Red Bull takes into account some discrete pricing jumps that people might have. For example, suppose a single can of Red Bull costs 1.50 you haven t given that price, but I think it s important and I go in and see that 4 cans cost 5. So I see that it s a good deal and it s just a five dollar bill.But when I get to 24 packs I m in a whole different league and not thinking of an individual note. Now we re talking serious money.Or perhaps Red Bull buyers can t do arithmetic.
Why? I had and often have exactly the opposite sentiment it is surprising that a language that is as high-level as Haskell can compete with low-level imperative languages.Regardless what one thinks of Haskell, it s a testament to the work of the GHC developers.
I sure did! Sorry for the shameless plug HMU at - hokuz slipry.net burner email
Given that the researcher was a participant directly, and that he lied about his actions he in fact presented suicidal thoughts, etc , I believe the balance of evidence says we should reject the study.
Hmm, maybe Github could block all access from China except for these two projects, serve a special home page with install instructions, and make it so that with either of these installed you can access all of Github from China?
Does anyone know if jacquesm is helping out with this project? Since he helped archive Geocities see reocities.com , maybe he can help archive Yahoo Video.
I ve repaired dozens of laptops and the one thing the broken power connectors had in common was being soldered directly to the motherboard instead of using a separate assembly.
Dish Network dropped AMC just a few days ago. Dish says it s because of ratings.
Yes, agreed, but I d love to know the pinout.
Most Common Lisps certainly the compiled ones do tail call optimization.Clojure doesn t because it s a Lisp in Java, and Java doesn t. Back when Clojure was just starting to get some attention I watched a video 1 of Rich doing a demo for a user group. Tail call optimization was one of their first questions. He gave them an answer that sounded like he had given it multiple times before. 1 can t find it, sorry.
Comes up all the time between me and my boss with whom I share a mutual respect and, similar to parent, sometimes he was right and sometimes I was right. At the end of the day, it didn t really matter because as a manager the outcomes were his responsibility, therefore he gets the final say.
If you re American all of your foundational and historical documents Bill of Rights are written in cursive.
There are a couple podcasts involving the project leads all in German afaik , which also discuss some of the interesting challenges and approaches.There s just so much stuff there, impossible to summarize.
The decision that the Justice department is supporting is that NSO is not immune to legal proceedings. Presumably everyone wants this to continue being the case and would agree that the Supreme Court doesn t need to revisit this decision.Unless there s some hidden reason that the government doesn t want the consequences of the Supreme Court agreeing and having additional effects Conspiracy folks who think the Justice department is fighting for NSO need to actually read the linked article
That s more of an open source problem than a free software problem. I recognize the concern as valid in business, but ideally it would not be relevant.
So we shouldn t say much publicly about the group differences. Keep it quiet among intelligent people for the public safety.That s not the point. The point is he is chalking up gender employment ratios to biology. Meanwhile, there are many socialization factors he is completely ignoring.This is an ancient debate, nature vs. nurture, the oldest in psychology. It s been going on for centuries, and perhaps millenia, not just decades.And, the irony is, that by arguing the cause is biology, he may be adding an additional socialization factor. Women may see this guy speaking out and decide not to work at Google because of it. That s socialization, not biological.
I m I EU if that matters and as far as I know, I have no sideffects. I was supposed to be healthy for both shots, that was the only requirement.Why I m sharing this information usually, because there are people out for who herpes is not annoyance but life disrupting virus. They often do not even know that there are antiviral drugs out there that work really well. They do think that there isn t much to do other than to suffer because when they were young or had bad doctor who said oh everyone has it . My hope is maybe some people might go back to their doctor and say please, it s disrupts my life and they get appropriate treatment.
I think the difference is that people could rationalize that warrantless wiretapping would never happen to them -- it was something that only happened to criminals -- whereas the new revelations show that the NSA is indeed spying on all of us all the time. I m not saying I agree that warrantless wiretapping is not a problem -- just that I can see how it might not grab people.
This is really interesting, I hadn t thought of it like that. It looks like airships are one of those things that work much better as you scale them up.
congesting the road, pollutingall cars do that. In fact, Uber should do it less because they don t have to drive around looking for a fare. without adequate insuranceI don t know about other countries, but in the US they definitely require adequate insurance. All of your points are wrong.
This video explains the uncanny valley really well
System76 machines are like that too, or at least the Lemur Pro is.
The site is clear and beautiful, as needed for a new product.But you ask us to review your startup and not your website right ? So here s my thought on your product Having must have content on one platform is a good idea. It then garantees new quality content. But my question is about this very content How will you filter the photos in order to keep a great content while filling up your user base? is there moderators or content-filtering algorithms? Because in case you haven t thought of that, the risk for your app is to besome an lesser instagram...Great design work though ! sorry for my poor english
It sounds a bit like 80s-style speech synthesis example is the Dr. Sbaitso demo that shipped with Sound Blaster 1.0 1.5 or so and onwards.
Manually changing region to Russia gives many more results. be a partnership with Yandex to not show russian results outside Russia? Because they use Yandex in Russia.
Interesting read It reminded me my childhood D
Fixed. -
Yeah but 242 of those days are too hot to do anything. So it s kind of a wash you know?EDIT TO ADD Look I m not saying that Seattle s weather is perfect, nor that there is a perfect location, but whatever Austin is doing with its weather, it sure as hell aint winning.
See my comment above. This water is being used to grow agricultural crops under the panels in Kochi airport in India.
Ignoring virtual dom, the number one thing that kept me in react was normalized event handling across every conceivable type of browser that the web could throw at you. Is that no longer a thing in 2021 or do all libraries handle it?
Related short story -
Congratulations to Cloudant for signing a big deal. Why work with a company as...ethically ambiguous as Monsanto? I would love to hear how your team decided to accept this deal, and I hope more than dollar signs crossed your minds.Personally, I would start a startup if I ever have the guts for freedom. How could dealing with Monsanto differ from wearing golden handcuffs?
But then I d be a liar
Rephrase for most of their targeted audience the marginal cost of mobile to mobile calls inside the US is already 0.Marginal cost is what matters, and in this case many US calls are already near free for the segment that would be most likely to adopt.
Fun.But what am I ranking when it asks me about beavers?
Conducto vs CircleCI Actions is like a better version of CircleCI. They really cloned a lot of it and improved it. Similar config YAML, similar UI. The points in the CircleCI article largely hold, except for the free mode GHA does have local runners that are very similar to Conducto s local agent.Jenkins comment coming shortly.
Yeah you re right, business is all about people and programming does require an immense amount of solitary intellectual effort. Thanks for the encouragement We all start out at the low end of the continuum ! I do hope to have more time someday to focus on developing my technical skills.
Show me please.
Does it dispense directly into the cup or into a bag?I know some people leave their tea in their cup the whole time they re drinking, but I find it s really best to control steeping time and limit it to a few minutes.
Bookwyrm is a great alternative I ve been using. It s built on activitypub so you can follow accounts from Mastodon or kbin or whatever, and can even spin up your own server if you want.
What you are leaving out is that this system was the reaction to a massive fraud before it.The same politicians who were screaming for a thougher stance on fraud are the same one now asking why there was such a though stance Omtzigt being a good example .The fraud encompassed people from mainly eastern European countries mainly Bulgaria, hence it is known as the Bulgarenfraude 1 coming to the Netherlands, claiming and getting all kinds of benefits and then returning to their home country. By the time the tax service figured out they weren t entitled to the money they couldn t reclaim it because they were gone. It was basically a free money handout for them.Also a good deal of the people who got caught bitten by the thougher stance did actually commit fraud. At least the shady agencies which handled the benefits for these people which those people themselves chose . Examples of these shady practices included things such as artifically inflating costs by making up expenses.EDIT It is also interesting to note that the husband of the lawyer who got this ball rolling was the owner of such an agency. Numerious structural inconsistencies were found when this agency was investigated structural falsification of hourly stats and so on 2 . Basically what they did was telling people Does your kid sometimes stay at a familiy member? Well we think we found a way so you can get money for that and then they handled the paper work and got a comission. That might have been the letter of the law but was definitly not the spirit of the law. 1
You have your choice with Linux where you don t get a choice with proprietary OSes. If you build your desktop from parts you get to keep it as long as you like. I used the same desktop, mostly unchanged for 15 years on Linux without problem. It was basic, Openbox, gkrellm later conky , xbindkeys, etc. Never had to worry about it changing as Openbox was basically done and the other parts were mostly done as well. Only had to mess with it when I wanted to.Linux and FLOSS in general gives you the choice to have it the way you want it.
Enlightening, thanks for posting. LISP has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts. , that s pretty profound -
Cue the downvotes, but at least if you use Electron and build a custom UI you don t need to worry about it being unsupported or poorly supported in the future on certain platforms. It s just HTML CSS which is going to be around a lot longer than the current iteration of UI frameworks. Ok yes, you could still face issues with the underlying runtime being unsupported, but I have a feeling that and JavaScript are going to stick around for a while
Not open source and you require a subscription to run a scraper from the user s own device?Edit I see that it s free for now but still
I have the exact same question as you.
Web page with links to individual chapters
Disagree on RXJS. Oh how I loathe it.
What a nonsense of misinformation. Nothing like this is happening. What Amnesty International describes are civilians who have ignored evacuation orders.It looks like you are here to spread lies.
I m using USA region without actually being there and non-USA store account. Something like a few months ago Apple News didn t load for me neither no matter what country VPN was set to. But now that I tried it again, it actually works just fine on iPadOS 13.4.1 correctly loading the USA stories based solely on the region settings.
Basically, they were so worried about secrecy of their trading algorithms and people sharing them with other companies Which means if you took the job they probably would have had you sign some obscene non-complete non-solicit non-disparage non-roll-your-eyes-at-them agreement. Despite the dubious enforceability of these, especially in some jurisdictions, you would still likely experience a lot of stress and expense i.e. lawyer-up if your departure rubbed someone the wrong way. Your exit from the trading world could involve - demands to keep them informed of what you were doing - private investigators checking in on what you are doing - threatening legal letters - or actually being sued And that s if you did your very best to follow the non-compete agreement. If you were actually taking employment in a field remotely related to finance, you could have the DOJ FBI knocking on your door to investigate trade-secrete theft.EDIT And another point about double the comp . The comp structured so that 75 is a discretionary annual bonus payout with claw backs , and your base salary is 25 . So you could actually end up making less money, depending on the whims of the markets and or internal politics.
Right click is fine, but I prefer much completely loathe gesture UI.If I had to guess, I ve probably lost all progress on something around 30 times just from pull to refresh. I m not even sure how some of these features are legal without any kind of toggle... I can t imagine they re great for anyone with movement disorders.
Windows 7 was Microsofts Snow Leopard IMO, i use Linux though.
If you can make that actually happen, the bot will end up canceling your order and take the reputation hit. It s all a numbers game to them.
Neither SFO nor JFK airport were as remotely dilapidated as Nairobi airport when I saw them.
A major problem in American cities is what s called contraception zoning. It s a de facto and sometimes de jure ban on large as in 4 or more bedroom apartments.
I feel like this is worse than reading anecdotal evidence about covid. Everyone has some sort of opinion, but impossible to tell who s actually an expert. It is so bad, you have to essentially assume nobody knows what they are talking about.
haha this one tickled me What are we going to do about these software guys that call themselves engineers? We gotta take down Dilbert!
It might be time to review your start-up s intellectual property situation and file for those patents you ve been intending to apply for, but have not gotten around to doing so. Would your intellectual property block others from competing? Note that the new patent law changes the priority of patents from first to invent to first to file at some point in the future 2013? .
The EraI see what you did there - a few stars and legions of impoverished artists is hard to shake.Arguably winner takes all economies are a very common end-point in many disciplines - not just music the arts.
it s the same distinction as setting up a shop selling pirated movies with fake dvd boxes vs using piratebay ocassionaly.
This seems wrong from an engineering AND MBA point of view. As designing and manufacturing electronics becomes more automated, the workflow for designing computer hardware will be very similar to software development it pretty much already is .From an MBA perspective, Apple just owns more of the value chain in software, i.e. some of the silicon via the mobile processors, and the proprietary cases. Other than that, most of the hardware follows pretty closely with the industry standard tech intel s roadmap . They don t seem excessively tied up at all.
GoG has a very specific niche to carve out and its still a peanut this doesn t even has a niche the game library is pitiful even for bargain bin games and the execution is pretty poor with annoying blocking ads popping on your mobile screen while playing.Any phone with BT can be used as a controller for an Android TV which can run more games than this platform.There are also plenty of apps that allow you to use your phone as a controller to a PC MAC and even another phone the latter is Android only afaik but it also could potentially work on iOS .The biggest problem is always content, split screen games aren t really a thing which means that AirConsole has to subsidize game development which is why the library is so poor since they do that they essentially subsidize much more established platforms for them it s not only a hard race to compete in to begin with but also one where they actively support the competition.
Hi. I m the guy behind Bitwise. Long-time HN user. If anyone has questions, I d be happy to answer them.
The moat is what the top execs new it was going to be the entire time lock in.The Google dev that freaked out in that famous email that declared there is no moat was right and as your article points out, yes indeed there is no technical moat.The moat was never technical, it was first movers.
When was the last time you used Twitter? The first concern you mentioned is something they fixed a few weeks back. I m still trying to understand the rest.
Crypt of the NecroDancer has a you move only when time does mechanic.
Is FreeBSD still used to as great of an extent in US Government Military Intelligence as it used to be?There seemed to be some talk of Linux I noticed in past years, and I ve been thinking about trying to out again, but I d feel better if I knew that it was still well-used.
unlikely. i think it has more to do with competitive pressures in markets and the elimination of a lot of the less sophisticated participants partly due to higher frequency trading .
No, what I would actually use this for... ie. a usecase. What kind of survey? Why would I want to run a survey on mobile? Why wouldn t I use surveymonkey?
Do people believe this shit?I get it makes for a great movie, which it is being made into, but a knock on the head a math genius not makes. Nor does it improve maths.Kudos to him for making money though.His TEDx talk shows some of his craziness. I guess if you believe this story you ll love the talk.Again conspiracy theories are interesting, I watch Sci-Fi which is just a conspiracy theory made for TV. might have brought on synesthesia though, which is actually interesting and perhaps real.Vibration theory of olfaction which he mentions in the TED talk -
People were smaller on average. But also, I ve read it wasn t uncommon to sleep with legs knees pulled up somewhat maybe using pillows? . And that the changed bloodflow due to non-horizontal sleeping position legs above head contributed to higher prevalence of brain strokes.Don t know if the latter is true. But doesn t seem too implausible - life back then was generally less healthy more dangerous.
err... no?Example using Lit and Template Literals html Hello Example using only web components shadow.innerHTML Hello
Why are people in America so eager to help out other countries?We have so many people in need here.Is it just more glamourous to be Leonardo di Caprio in Africa on an zany adventure than help some poor homeless family on the streets of Tagg Flatts Oklahome?
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Data Scientists Woodlawn, MD ONSITE required in general for new hires, but 100 REMOTE during COVID-19 could be working at the Center for Clinical Standards and Quality CCSQ , whose mission is to ensure quality healthcare through accountability and public disclosure. There, you could work on improving the quality of data used to measure and improve outcomes for Medicare beneficiaries. Data analysis will help drive improvement for patients in nursing homes, hospitals, medical practices, and dialysis centers. You could also work for the Office of Enterprise Data and Analytics OEDA , whose mission is to improve Medicare data availability and transparency through the development of information products and to improve the quality or performance of HHS programs through data analysis. There you could work on leveraging data across Medicare, Medicaid, and the Marketplace to inform decision makers, empower research, and foster transparency for the American people.Work at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid has the potential to impact of tens of millions of people, improving their medical care experience and lowering their cost of care. If you don t consider yourself a data scientist, but have done data analysis work in the past, check the posting to see if your skillset aligns!Skilled practitioners who want to have a major, lasting impact on the quality of public healthcare should apply on 9 3 posting may close in one day
Destroying art whether it be books, paintings, sculptures, or otherwise is emotionally reactionary at best and totalitarian at worst.You must surely understand that isn t true.I destroy art pretty often. I ve thrown away old books. I ve tossed art posters I no longer find interesting. I ve junked sculptures that were past their prime, and sculptures in old awards I no longer wanted to keep.Parents often throw away the art their small kids made.Architecture is art - can we no longer destroy buildings?Industrial design is art - can I no longer throw away old equipment?You can t really think only the creators of those works have the right to destroy it.I suppose you ll argue that mass-produced art is different. As a reminder, many of the Civil War statues not necessarily this one were mass-produced in the early 1900s, and again in the 1950s, by reactionary white supremacists spreading a false narrative. even with a unique piece of art, we can look to the infamous story of the statue of Juan de Oñate in New Mexico. Its foot was cut off to highlight Oñate s massacre of 800 citizens of Acoma Pueblo, and the foot amputation of 24 of the survivors.How would that be emotionally reactionary or totalitarian ? I think it adds to the art, as a reminder of the actual history.
ITT microservices vs monoliths dogma.
You misunderstood. I am affirming, they have used Photoshop to insert text in that screenshot, and they have mistakenly used another font, Roboto. It s easily noticeable, as it s narrower, and some glyphs like that g are different.
If you argue that the motivation of the engineers is at all an issue, I invite you to present yourself on the south field at dawn. Bring your second.
Been trying to at least have 1 app product that s more or less passive income, but find it hard to get there. Any advice or links?
After the Microsoft anti-trust trial, people started to realize just how much information there was in an email history log. Later trials just hammered it home.In response, everyone added a chapter to their document retention policy to cover emails. Emails are typically kept for 1 year, with exceptions for specific named individuals CEO, Member of Parliament, Senator, Secretary of State, you get the idea . Secretary of State s retention period seems to be 30 years 3 .Individuals would be able to mark a document to be kept, but that s the exception rather than the rule.As soon as a court case where a person is mentioned starts, that person s documents are typically retained regardless of schedule - destroying docs that might be material is really frowned upon by the courts.All of this is typically mediated by a custom document retention server which costs a lot of money.The state department has a document retention policy 1 , and I think this section 2 covers email. It lists retention at TEMPORARY Transitory Files including in electronic form TEMPORARY Destroy immediately, or when no longer needed for reference, or according to a predetermined time period or business rule e.g., implementing the auto-delete feature of electronic mail systems . There might be something specific, but they all seem to be 1-2 years.With that in mind, let s look at this specific situation. The controversy started in March 2015. That puts Feb 2013 - the date the RNC is saying marks the end of the period they want revealed, outside of the document retention window Controvery Start - 2 years .However, once asked you have to _search_ for a record. So the State Department would have searched through backups, there may be an old tape sitting around containing a backup of his personal computer. Nope, they couldn t find a copy of the PST Microsoft Exchange or Outlook! . They would have found emails that he was party to where the other person was on a longer retention schedule.They may still find others if he sent emails to departments that don t have retention policies.Since this is a government department, all of this is defined by statute - it s up to Congress to set the time periods. If they want it changed, they need to pass a bill and then fund it because document retention is expensive think format conversion .Finally, I understand that finance companies stock traders have additional retention requirements, even covering chat SMS etc messages.There is no cover up here, just proper application of good policy. 1
If a different cryptocurrency can make Proof Of Stake work _and_ persude BitCoin miners that switching to Proof Of Stake is better for them than not, then Bitcoin might switch.But those are both pretty high hurdles to clear.
Power over Ethernet can t do 100W. The 802.3bt supports 51W Type 3 or 71W Type 2 . PoE uses pretty small currents, Type 4 is 960mA.Also, PoE does have significant loss over longer distances. It isn t a problem with low power devices but would be a huge issue for higher power. It is almost certainly more efficient to send power as 120V AC and convert to USB-C.The alternative is outlets with USB-C ports, or power strips with USB-C.Places that use 12V 48V DC have much thicker cables. They also have shorter lengths on RV, boat, or cabin.
I got a proposal to review one yesterday, was already a little concerned that a vagrant config on github made me ideal for reviewing a cloudera handbook. If the review isn t taken seriously I ll pass, thanks for the heads up
Treasury bonds are bought with USD. Where does USD come? The government prints it. Borrowing doesn t fund the government, the printing press does.At the bottom of the tower of USD is printing money. 80 of treasuries are held domestically, and the foreign buyers purchase it with USD that came from the treasury.
I think its true that you can t rationalize away suicidal thoughts but what you can do is provide an opportunity to recognize your or a loved one s extreme depression and start the process of getting help. That s how I read this post as an attempt to provide an opportunity not a quick cure. For that IMO he ought to be commended.
Frequentist statistics is about determining the repeated sampling properties of a procedure statistic estimator. It s about evaluation not estimation. Optimizing theta or whatever you re envisioning is just one possible procedure you might be interested in evaluating. You can use the repeated sampling properties of your procedure to do frequentist inference or to evaluate other properties like unbiasedness, consistency, risk, etc. Typically the goal is to find procedures that have good frequentist repeated sampling properties. Most Bayesian-inclined statisticians would tend to argue that many frequentist properties are not important to applied data analysis or optimal decision making.
Interesting by way of the continual conflict between authoritative sources Western Science with certification and local knowledge, where ever that is ... some elements of Western English-speaking society have recognized this and made concerted and codified efforts to bring local peoples into important discussions and fact-finding.Specifically in this case, some local people far away from Oakland, California would be taken as real sources of information, rather than a literature search finding nothing and declaring the nature in question to be unknown
Single page application? Can you explain why the existence of next prev relationships would break these? I would expect such a site to simply not use this. It s definitely nice for linearly-linked content on supporting browsers e.g. old opera, as mentioned elwewhere in this thread .
I use NoScript, if you browse the linked page with JS disabled by default, it says May 19, 2021 at the end.If you allow JS for thefp.com , it is indeed updated to today s date.
Possibly, but as soon as it became a thing it would be raided by the police, as per what happened to the Black Panthers.
Necessary in the way that a drivers license and car insurance are necessary to drive.
I have no idea what their traffic requirements are, but CloudFlare has a generous free plan.
I see you are unfamiliar with McKinsey.
We have some things happening like decreased sperm counts, lowering of IQ, increased prevalence of certain diseases, etc.No one really knows what are causing them...Is there any chance, at all, it might be related to radio waves? Long term, generational effects.I do not personally believe it s possible or happening but I ve always been a fan of conspiracy fiction.
I agree that the ESP32 would be a really cool way to get some practical experience with Rust.If you want to get started more easily take a look at Neil Kolban s book on the ESP32. 1 Other environments besides C include C simplified with the Arduino IDE, Python, Lua, and JavaScript. 1
The FBI was created in 1908. Since then, we ve invented airplanes, interstate highways, and the Internet.The US is far more connected than it used to be. It is much harder to treat everything as a matter for individual states. At the very least, state institutions need to coordinate -- exactly the kind of job for which a federal institution is ideal.
Exactly.If someone s approach to a broken keyboard is some workaround instead of just asking for another keyboard it is a sign they handle problems very, very poorly.
I know for earnings reports the SEC uploads XBRL documents to EDGAR. Weird that they don t do the same for S-1s.
correct me on this if I m wrong but I think SSD s can lose data when they lose power for a long period.Consider yourself corrected SSDs will not lose data if left unpowered.
If you compare Julia and Scipy at similar points in their evolution, Julia is far ahead of where Scipy was. And that s while the language itself is still evolving.
Hierarchical filesystems are a dead end the future is all about metadata, hashes, diffs and relationships What s the case against hierarchical file systems? I ve never really had any issues with them that i ve noticed but admittedly i ve never encountered any radical alternatives. It s a model that seems to work.
Slight tangent radioisotope thermoelectric generators use a different mechanism to generate electricity.Though honestly, they just heat some pieces of metal, instead of heating water.Photovoltaic heats a bunch of hydrogen ions until they glow. But those ions are in the sun. Wind power mostly comes from air and water being heated unevenly.Tidal power is perhaps the coolest here no heat involved, the energy comes from the motion of the earth and the moon.
Did exactly this in December for CUDA based 3D rendering.Been a mac user for 15 years. It was hard to make the jump but I came to the realisation Apple just doesn t care about my work and therefore my money anymore.
Way easier with the default tools. Companies with money will buy sccm etc. But for those orgs without, MSI or writing a script are the only default options. And scripts are unreliable
Aren t all car lobby companies heavily invested in EVs?
My thoughts exactly.Solving or mitigating the they re bypassing sanctions problem is easier than the they can manufacture everything then need problem.
I have always wanted to make a mountain bike out of scaffolding poles in order to review it positively.Notionally such a bike should score highly in many key metrics. In the review the obvious failings are overlooked yet the reader can work it out for themselves.
For the last 4 years the answer is Flutter.
I m surprised Elon Musk hasn t come up here yet. He s a pretty massive counterpoint to these ideals.I have no skin in this game, but I find it curious.
Reading tip Attack of the 50ft Blockchain That book s author, David Gerard, has a blog 0 , where you can get his take on cryptocurrencies, and he s on Twitter 1 too there s a tweet linking to his popular blog posts there, which might be helpful in getting started 2 . 0
We don t have trust? You should look deeper at every transaction and interaction you undertake, every day
So what is it, a static code analyzer or a style checker?
In my admittedly amateurish opinion, having a vivid picture of the horrors of nuclear weapons can be very effective in curbing nationalistic and pro-war tendencies among both citizens and leaders of nuclear-armed states. MAD is effective only if all parties are keenly aware of the Destruction part of the deal.I have seen this work first hand myself when India and Pakistan mobilized their militaries on a large scale a couple of times after the 1998 nuclear tests by both nations. A few articles that came out during that time about the effects of nuclear weapons decidedly served to cool off the fervor of several uber-patriotic people I knew.
It s upvoted because it demonstrates why the original comment is exactly what shouldn t be on HN an empty stream of popular jargon that turns argument into a hipper-than-thou fashion show of buzzwords and name-dropping. HN should be more than a beauty contest to see who can sound most like a guy who s going to get rich someday. keyist s comment may be ugly, but it s insightful and just.
That s exactly what needs to happen. Google needs to lose a leg or an arm. Something that significant, but in corporate terms. Like maybe force them to divest of European holdings. Separate that business from North American operations. Or just exile then from Europe all together.
Can someone explain where Roc sits in terms of monads vs effects?
interesting work, will need to dedicate time to read this. From what I understand, this is for WebKit only? So this does not apply to Chrome based rendering. And this doesn t seem officially supported by Apple, so this is more of an academic curiosity rather than something that we could practically expect to see in Safari?
It s remarkable that this needs saying nobody gets fired for mentioning that Jews are over-represented in whatever industry you choose. It s a plainly verifiable fact. What they get fired for is claiming that said over-representation is the result of a conspiracy in which Jews, by virtue of a mostly amorphous cultural identity, are the conspirators and main villains.Confusing these two fundamentally different statements is one of the oldest moves in the reactionary playbook.
Indeed, she s been tasked with trying to turn an unassisted triple pay against the 98 Yankees.
You might appreciate the Action Method notetaking format that separates next actions from just the notes themselves.
Why would you choose what s natural inheritance, physical development, parent s DNA over what s supernatural your willpower ?
Funny, I got chown which is definitely a word that exists for some definition of word.
This is why I do it.
I looked at it, but never used it. I certainly like the core idea and it would probably have been better for me than just using plain Racket. However, moving over to it--and getting other people to use it--would not have been that much easier than moving to Haskell.I was missing some specific type features algebraic data types with pattern matching and custom numeric types I needed 18-bit unsigned ints, of all things . I don t think Racket supports either of these. The numeric types, I suppose, are just a special case of wanting typeclasses. I really like typeclasses P.Additionally, I had several non-type-related reasons to move to Haskell laziness, purity my teammates decided that global variables and having IO everywhere are fun and more functional data structures vectors in particular .
Goodenough in his lab at the University of Austin. There is no University of Austin, it s the University of Texas at Austin, or UT Austin - same as there is no University of Berkeley , but instead, Cal .
Also see the Netlify comment thread linked from one of the Reddit posts where one of their representatives specifically says that if you suffer a DDOS they will do nothing to stop you from getting a bajillion-dollar bandwidth bill, even if you re on the free tier.
This functionality has now also been implemented in Microsoft PowerToys
Probably?The main benefit to me for runnign my own email is owning my own data domain, and not having to allow third parties aka google full access to all my emails.
Former Netflix employee here left back in 2013 so their stance might have changed .At the time, Netflix was very opposed to what we called meta search e.g. having Netflix titles available to look up outside the Netflix interface . The idea was that we wanted people to consciously choose Netflix as opposed to just choosing what they want to watch and getting it on whatever service happened to have it or was randomly chosen. I ve always assumed they maintained this perspective though, I m somewhat surprised if they do considering the landscape today with every service leveraging their original exclusive content more than their generic licensed library .
Did you miss the part where their research is literally a ChatGPT session.
Financial services, airlines, oil majors, media, pharma, auto, etc. Those are the industries that need breaking up.Great. Break up Google, in addition to those industries, as well.
That s a stated goal of many serving congress people.If things swing a particular way you might see a national ban bill next year.I don t know how likely that is but it s certainly a position many Republicans take.
Sorry, but even the most well-meaning of people will make mistakes, and it s clear this was an accident with no malice. No need to cast irrelevant aspersions just to grind your personal axe.
Rails does so much of the plumbing work for you and does it really well that it s a good smell test that if you re not working on something that the user sees, you re probably reinventing the wheel.
The tradeoff depends on your social class. The Westerners who have the resources to move to SEAsia China etc. or the upper-class people from those countries who return there will find themselves freer there because they by definition have the resources to take advantage of the situation. If you are a middle-class or lower-class local citizen, the stability and boredom of the EU sounds much more appealing. Instead of personal freedom, there is the crushing weight of the system around them. They have street food but have to work 996 in polluted conditions.
What worries me the most is that one expert that the Daily Mail interviewed said It would have been hard to prepare for this type of vulnerability. The same expert wondered how the hackers could have known to breach security by focusing on the vulnerability in the browser.
Sure, bring up the 2008 crash to any pro-capitalist and they ll quickly explain to you how oh that wasn t real capitalism even though it happened in the confines of a system that self-describes as capitalist.
I like simple grid.
There are online businesses, call centers, tech startups that have been affected. Maybe you would hear what they are saying if you weren t too busy sneering.
A couple of anecdotes to share.My wife went back to her hometown in southern Taiwan a few years ago to help take care of her ailing father. One day while at the hospital she saw a tour bus pull up, and forty tourists from mainland China disembark. Their tour of the local sites included a checkup and some tests by the doctors in the hospital. Works out well for them and the hospital, which is not nearly as busy as the facilities in Taipei.People clogging up emergency care facilities with common colds and minor ailments is common as noted by others on this thread . There are several negative side effects including patients expecting to be prescribed something even if it s not warranted. If it s antibiotics, that s a problem because people can build resistance to antibiotics. I also believe there can be a kind of assembly-line mentality taking over among the staff at some busy facilities, with doctors spending only a few minutes with each patient. This can unfortunately lead to truly serious cases being overlooked.For chronic conditions, the quality of care varies quite a bit. One complaint I ve heard several times is sometimes there is no coordination between specialists -- it s up to the patient or family members to reach out and make appointments and communicate test results and the conclusions of other doctors. Lots of things can go wrong, and I fear some patients fall between the cracks.Dental care can be very good and very inexpensive - my dentist here in the U.S. has complemented the skills of the dentists back in Taiwan who put in crowns years ago.
Emily Short... who, incidentally, is married to Graham Nelson.
Dumb question perhaps but what specifically are the multiple VoiceAI platforms being referred to here?
How many users subscribe to those subreddits you ve mentioned? I have made a similar the observation, I have a few subreddits that are very niche with only a few subscribers -- discussions are very much on point and civil. Usually, the quality and decency of discourse on a subreddit seems to be inversely related to the number of people engaging in it.
He should sue himself for going into high risk velocity trading in the first place.
I opened twitter. And now it thinks I visited youtube for some reason - This is on Firefox 8.0 on Fedora Linux. Maybe the OS has a lot to do with the success rate?Edit I just read through the technique now and there s no way it could depend on the OS. Anyway, this is way too inaccurate to be of any practical use.
Much faster than gathering a bunch of drunk member of Commons together and letting them boo each other while some chap screams orduh . PI know this is tongue-in-cheek, but it s worth noting that the Parliament has almost nothing to do with appointing a Prime Minister. In practice in Australia the majority party meets, picks a new leader, and then sends them to be appointed as PM by the Governor General. That s all that s needed.
Head down to your county courthouse and file a cause in small claims court.
Even then I think it would still be all-or-nothing. That may increase the chances of all over nothing but not allow graceful degradation of the video.
The brigade here is too strong to listen to any reasons against this.If it were my company and the potential downside of not closing accounts was personal jailtime, I d absolutely err on the side of caution and close any account that seemed like it might land me in jail. Yes, people would get pissed off. But I m not going to jail for them.The real problem here is that Slack s support is horrible and there s no way to talk to them about an account closed in error.
It is a reference to how quickly we are depleting our carbon budget to avert certain levels of warming.
You should start a side hustle as a medical power of attorney for marginally suicidal geriatrics who are worried they re loved ones won t have the stones to honor their DNR wishes. Something tells me you d be ready to pull the plug, no questions asked.
Guess this is the crux The full specification of a world in mathematical terms doesnt require intelligence. At that point you can use the dumb strategies of alphago. I fall in camp that humans are just glorified amoeba, twitching at stimuli.Eventually an AI could model us with dumb strategies, because really baked into the human brain body are just dumb strategies.
In my experience, there s much less pressure on men to get rich than there is to get a good job or a real job - something perceived as stable and not risky.
The later versions of RDP is miles ahead of any other remote desktop protocol in my experience. I used to use it for gaming years ago from Windows machine to Mac - it really isn t that bad if latency and bandwidth is acceptable.As others say, it is very hard sometimes to detect what is local and what isn t with RDP. Everything seems to just work, even using the Mac client.Compare this with everything else I ve used and it s a real janky JPEG compression mess.
I would like to see the Founder salary and team size graph per founder age.Since team size seems to also be a strong indicator such a graph might show which of age and team size is the stronger correlator.
Of course, dealing with passwords properly on the server is only one side of the story.If the connection between client and server is not secure, then an attacker could intercept a user s password as it travels in plaintext from client to server. And if a user s login persists by the use of a cookie, an attacker could impersonate a logged-in user by using their cookie, after intercepting it as it is sent in plaintext in every request from client to server.
but we managed to declare 1 part of the state correct, and derive all the other state from itIsn t this the essential philosophy of React?The other approach is INotifyPropertyChanged-style an event for every change, which is supposed to propagate to all listeners, but only propagate if the value is different. It sounds like this is the one that had failed in the project you were given. Typing 3 characters would enable or disable most GUI elements 3 timesI don t think this matters so long as you can coalesce all the redraws. See also immediate mode GUIs if you always redraw everything from the canonical state, which modern computers are extremely fast at, a lot of complexity goes away.
You speak of time as if it s some directly measurable quantity.They do not. Depending on the particular physical processesThey have chosen their particular physical process as if someone stood with a stopwatch
ASCII was used by teletypes, not typewriters. They were cylinder heads, as compared to IBM s golfball typewriters.The endless CR LF CRLF line ending problem would have been solved if the RS Record Separator ASCII code was used instead of the physical CR carriage return, ie move print head back to start of line, and LF line feed, ie rotate paper up one line.But Unix decided on LF, Apple used CR, Windows used CRLF, and even today, I had to get a guy to stop setting his system to Windows because he was screwing up a git repo with extraneous CRs.
No need. Every web request implicitly has that header set already. Its completely within the content providers power to deny me content with that understood.When you buy a magazine from Starbucks do you tell the clerk what part of the magazine you intend to read what what you intend to ignore? Of course not, that would be ridiculous. The clerk publishers are well aware I may ignore or even rip out any or all of the magazine pages and the magazine is priced accordingly.
I had been worried about this with respect to Mastodon for a long time. think it was only a matter of time before the human resources issue came front and center. My hope is that there can be a good balance between small federated instances kept alive by altruistic volunteer admins and larger instances with enough moderation and funding to handle the number of users that a social network expects but increase centralization. Maybe the conclusion will be that no matter how the technology scales, finding a way for the instances to be kept alive will be a social problem that requires constant attention.The reliability issue also makes me wonder how much of the Fediverse is setting itself up for link rot and the loss of unique content after their maintainers lose passion or move on. And that wouldn t be because of a business decision that is hard to empathize with in the case of Google , but simply because a single human body has its limits.
That s why you clawback the equity as well
Via wiki s list of turkish newspapers Democratic, Islamic, Liberal ENGLISH Populism Nationalism, Kemalist, Centre-Right ENGLISH Liberal Conservatism, Center-Right Nationalism, Kemalism, Secular Kemalist, Nationalist, Secular, Center-Left Nationalism, Conservatism, Right-Wing Conservatism, Right-Wing Liberal Conservatism, Center-Right Kemalist, Nationalist, Secular Conservative-Democrat, Nationalism, Center-Right Center-Right Center-Left Islamism, Conservatism, Right-Wingedit added some English links above. Also
Azure has had a continuous stream of security breaches. I don t trust them either. It s AWS and AWS alone.
Please cite some sources for your claims - because to the best of my knowledge facebooks is basically no different than any other media company.I mean the new york times actively advocated for the Iraq -- should they exist, maybe be shut down?
And what when the person ignores the explanation because they get paid to say stupid things?
Epic owning Bandcamp never made sense.Getting Bandcamp off the books is likely to make the business look better to investors.
It s simple minded to think there are not victims and oppressors in the real world.I m sure it is. Good thing nobody here is claiming that I m certainly not .My comment was about the fact that your upthread comment is a complaint about someone discussing any other facet of the issue than focusing on the power dynamic between the employer and the employed. Not everyone is afflicted with this obsession to the point that they re unable to see anything in the world but through this single lens.
I actually think dysfunction in SF is not a result of European individualism. The situation is not best explained by individual vs collective rights. Rather, I think the dysfunction is deliberate and the politicians who control the city are part of a party and belief that repudiates anything European.For example, the city of SF will come down on you like a ton of bricks if you are not from the correct demographic. There is a lawsuit where white police officers are suing the city for denying them promotions and a system of racial discrimination. What about their individual rights? Another example is how the city and state protect homeless encampments but make it difficult for regular people to build homes or other buildings. Or how homeless people and drug addicts attack and harass regular people and the city does nothing about it but it was up in arms when a former fire chief allegedly attacked a homeless person.Individualism isn t broadly accepted, rather it seems the homeless have more rights than anyone else. This isn t individualism and shows that there is a ideology driving the dysfunction.
There isn t one. At least not for mere mortals or even most HiFi nerds.I ve got 300 headphones I use with my iPhone. They sound exceptionally better especially with an amp than shit earbuds it comes with. Even if Apple traded the analog for a digital connection, I m pretty certain I wouldn t notice a meaningful difference in day to day use.Now I m sure if I sat down with the express goal of proving they re different I could convince myself they are but I doubt it.
Will you integrate with React Native?
The thing you are missing is that managing large organizations of people is hard, and while you can reduce it to a spreadsheet it s a little rude to do that.Anyway, that GM is offering buyouts means they think the recession that has been on the horizon for N number of months is finally here.
I m not familiar with the story, but it sounds like he started with a solution, the tests and tried to find some code that would satisfy them. Perhaps Norvig started with the problem, then tried to find a solution.
Did you do a blind test on spotify s high quality vs lossless?At least with 320mp3s I could only get it right with certain songs and not too consistently. I d say my room treatment has a far bigger impact. but regarding hardware I m totally with you and haven t found the source of my rather high noise floor either
When I was a kid about 10, 11, or so I read up a lot on planes and aviation because I wanted to be a pilot someday. Also logged plenty of hours on Microsoft Flight Simulator. So I knew how airfoils worked and the physics principles involved, and decided to apply that knowledge to design my own paper airplanes.What I came up with involved construction paper taped to a bendy straw. The main wing was folded but not creased into an airfoil shape and attached to the long bit of the bendy straw. The short bit had paper elevators and rudder attached. By bending the straw I could set the plane to fly straight when thrown, or to turn, climb, or dive. It all worked pretty much according to plan and was one of my prouder childhood play moments. My wife laughed when I told her this and said it sounded like something her brother might do a high compliment, as her brother is brilliant .
The yellow pixels are used to extend the gamut of the device to cover portions of the visible spectrum that the primary LEDs, in combination, cannot.What color in the visible spectrum cannot be expressed as a combination of red, green, or blue? Octarine perhaps? Adding additional colors only helps if your pixels are large and putting a red and a blue dot next to each other when aiming for purple ends up just looking like two dots of different colors instead of a combined dot.
Regarding point A, here are a few sites that come off the top of my head Index of CSS Properties by W3C CSS Reference by Mozilla Developer Network CSS Reference by Tympanus CSS Almanac by CSS-Tricks
I know I am planning on using Unity 12.04 to push desktop Linux on some relatives who still are running XP. Considering getting them over to 7 would be just as much labor and 8 is significantly worse than Unity ever was, now is prime time for switching them off the sinking M ship.
Yep. Except sketch still isn t up to delivering the same level of usability that fireworks had.Not to mention it was bundled in Creative Suite.
Typical Hot Hand Fallacy just because someone had success before, even if he had a lot of success in a row doesn t mean he will have it forever.
While I agree with your points - I would say to the contrary that roads are currently marked-up for visible spectrum usage. Road signs and lines are made for consumption within the visible spectrum - some of which may be able to be seen in other light.Though possibly an argument could be made that a self driving car doesn t need to read signs, if it can get that data from a formatted online source. Eg street names on signs, vs from GPS and maps
a GC can be more efficient than direct heap allocationsUnoptimised, naive allocations perhaps. I m old enough to still remember when Microsoft used similar line of reasoning to create artificial cases where C beat C performance.
No. He works at Google, and during 2015 he temporarily provided support to internal LuaJIT users there and made many contributions in the process, but working on LuaJIT is not his job. The world world be a better place if it were! Source
Thanks for the kind words! they inspired me so i hope i can inspire others
Yeah, on the topic of 1 , that s basically FRP in a different wrapper and using different terminology. Fundamentally there s little difference between the two approaches, you re just hiding some of the details that FRP normally exposes.
Maybe it s just not the kind of thing I do, I m not sure I see the huge need for dynamism.For my personal blog, I wrote a simple static site generator in Python. It converts markdown files into articles, an index page, and an RSS feed. The HTML templates and CSS are written by hand. It s required minimal maintenance over the years, and for the most part Just Works. After an edit, I rebuild the site on my local machine, and deploy with rsync .I do have a couple of dynamic things hosted behind the same domain. For those, I configure nginx to reverse-proxy to a local service - which could be a python script, or anything else.The only real advantage I can see to my setup, beyond personal preference, is that redeploys come with precisely 0 downtime. Presumably, if you re updating a binary, there s a brief moment where the old one shuts down and the new one starts up unless you re doing some kind of clever reverse-proxy switchover
Some interesting lessons in here. So, what s the plan for this year?
Notably housing shortages are a new phenomenon, we weren t having this problem earlier in the century. The only difference between now and then is we have far, far more regulations and zoning rules in the way.Technically houses are cheaper to build than in the past, knowledge and building materials are more plentiful, and capital markets are more efficient with more banks offering mortgages. So by multiple measures housing should be less of a problem, not worse.This is the reality we ve built by choice, people act like they don t know how we got here. If you go on Reddit they think if we all just became unionized and have more we d go back to the 1960s and all have houses again. But that problem with housing supply won t go away until we fix the root cause, throwing more wages or gov money at it without expanding supply will just increase prices further.
Strictly interpreting true, but grandparent s point is very valid.It s used everywhere in real life C code.quotemstr got a very good point and I m grateful for the heads up.
Drug use is endemic inside schools. Some schools, maybe. It wasn t that long ago since I went to one. I also know teachers, resource officers, etc who currently work there. We also weren t allowed to use phones in class. If kids were caught, they would be disciplined. We also had periodic random drug screenings and search dogs.
Trying to explain to someone how static sites work vs how WP works, and that the server has to literally recreate the entire page from a bunch of database entries having first compiled all the PHP files into something the server understands for every single page request. It s crazy that we ended up with this powering most of the web.
Standard output for errors is for errors only, or for debugging information if enabled manually. Please, don t abuse stderr, because admins are very dependent on it to be clean. Use stderr for errors and stdout for anything else. If you need your own output stream with your own output rules, just print to file.
the big reason buses always win over railA bus from where I live to London takes about 5.5 hours, compared to 2 hours on a train. I can also get a meal served on a train and work comfortably at a large table, which I can t do a bus. Busses definitely don t always win over trains. I think they hardly ever do.
What is more likely to turn out one decent desktop environment ?1 Take all developers interested in desktop environments, ask them to collaborate and come up with one 1 desktop environment that suits everybody s need2 Let developers who want to experiment with their own desktop environment, do so, with the hope that at least one experiment results in a decent desktop environment. The ones that want to collaborate can do so
Any law only works if the majority of the population is on board with it. Especially when breaking it doesn t result in any damage. Lost profits off of potentially selling an imaginary right to a particular sequence of bits aren t damage. Copyright simply doesn t work because most people either don t care or are actively against it. Marijuana prohibition doesn t work either for the same exact reason.Now, I would respect copyright, but only if two things change. First, it should last no more than 3 years for creative works and the term should be dependent on the field for patents. Second, it should not be transferable. and not even any more advanced civilizations to help usI think there are other civilizations. The universe is unimaginably immense, it s very much improbable that there aren t other planets with life. And, we can t completely disregard the idea that we aren t the first advanced civilization on earth. What if copyright turns out to be the Great Filter?That s unlikely. My bet would be that there are other intelligent civilizations, they re more advanced than us, and they re watching us waiting for us to discover something before allowing any contact. That could be the origin of life, or the theory of everything, or a free extremely efficient energy source, or some kind of spaceship engine that would allow faster than light travel, or any number of things really. It might be something social, but probably not copyright world peace maybe? Or some entirely novel type of economy that benefits everyone instead of making the richest even richer and everyone else miserable?
Someone found the company further down linking to comment Many people have pointed that its not the correct company.EDIT2 seems to be the correct company, and seems more plausible to have IP problem with chart.js don t got lynch them, seriously!
Same for me. I discovered it was Slack that had some live leak, one time it had eaten 33GB of RAM. An auto-reload extesion did the trick to prevent it from going too far, but I d really wish Firefox would handle it more gracefully.Unless I say so, a normal web page shouldn t eat gigs of RAM or tons of CPU.
You re asking about undercollatorized loans on chain? It s not a solved problem but there s progress. See this survey of approaches of loans on chain. 1 Last year for the ETHOnline hackathon, I made an app that allows anyone to request a loan in any erc20 token with optional collateral in any set of erc20s. In addition, the borrower identity is used to increase confidence a linked Lens profile and or verified passport using Coinpassport. The principal is then crowdfunded. 2 While making this, I learned that Aave was originally called ETHLend and followed a similar model of requesting individual loans but this approach makes it difficult to attract liquidity so when they developed over-collateralized pools, the protocol became much more popular.It s going to take better identity tools than we currently have. Of course, undercollatorized lending is the basis of traditional banking so replicating it on chain is a massive win for the ecosystem.There s a few projects working on credit scores on chain Sprectral 3 and Cred protocol. See this article about using Cred protocol 4 1
So you would cancel this test flight of a new 747 freighter variant and possibly end a multi million dollar program just because they flew it in the pattern of the number 12?
This is fantastic! I got into cryptography with books like this when I was younger, but they seem to be few and far between nowadays.Also, kids don t seem to like books anymore -
Chrome generally outperforms Firefox.I don t agree. Chrome is pretty fast at executing JavaScript, but it is hundreds of times slower at executing DOM instructions compared to Firefox. It is also the slowest modern browser, by very far, at executing CSS animation.
The thing that I just cannot stop wondering is, why, knowing the perks of industry, advisers still treated us like this. You can drop knowing the perks of industry . There s no excuse for doing that under any circumstances, even if there is no industry alternative. I see this in many fields where grad students work in labs and are funded by grants. I wish universities would clean it up. There s simply no excuse for it. There s nothing about being in grad school that makes this behavior okay.
Having worked in a data center. The walk around with the clipboard kinda still happens. Except its a tablet that syncs up with an actual database instead of lots of useless paperwork. Easy enough to look just as busy with the tablet.
no offense to those who like it, I started out my career in the .NET world and ended up feeling trapped there and I m not going backI actually think C is pretty decent for a big general purpose language, but I understand this sentiment. No one wants to talk to me about anything other than .NET positions. I can usually squeeze a decent raise out of it, but I m approaching my ceiling.
I don t see why it wouldn t.
The NSF isn t the primary fund granting organization for medical research, the NIH is -- with a funding level 28.7B that eclipses the NSF 5.9B . In 2003, NIH is estimated to have funded 28 of the overall medical investigation costs research in all likelyhood includes the cost of bringing drugs to market, currently around 800M per drug. Because of this high barrier, much of the Pharma energy goes into me too drugs of a higher risk reward ratio, again inflating the true spending on new research
was temporary, and year later - it s still there
If it s simple, then just about anything including Google Docs will do fine for you.But if you have a complex presentation, or you re a stickler for detail, I recommend creating each of your slides in Inkscape or Adobe Illustrator, and stitching them together with something else. It s the only way to get the design just right.
Probably requires - proven usefulness for general computer tasks- must be relatively easy and quick to set up- cost must be reasonable, if expensive - anything over something like 2,000 is going to severely limit your customer pool. A semi-automated manufacturing line will help with this- for good measure, a crack marketing teamAnother consideration is that the BCI industry is moving insanely fast. By the time you set up a production line and start mass-producing, there might be news about a novel much-better process that overshadows your product and destroys sales. This is effectively what happened with VR in 2012-2018 when everything was super expensive only as of recent can you recommend an Index or Quest 2 to people without fearing a huge leap in VR quality to be coming in the near future.
A ton is a very vague word that can mean lots of things, only one of them being the imperial ton. Some tons can t even be converted to kilograms at all since they re units of volume.
They need to be slightly further away from the window so that it can open in the tilt position. In most European homes that s not an issue, as the walls are thick masonry, so the window is inset 20-30cm against the wall.
Ser, we re at a point where a company like Uber looks like it might never turn an operational profit, and is quietly planning to has existed most markets.If 33B in funding doesn t get you a dollar in profit, you have to wonder if its all even worth it.
It explains a sequence to sequence model which, granted, is a class of models that GPT-3 falls under.But these animations diagrams are so high level that they could be used for Explaining all sorts of NLP models from the past 5 years.
Well, that s going in my Wordles bookmark folder.I m curious whether this one will have staying power. The Wordles I ve given up on have generally been either too easy after developing a decent strategy e.g. Nerdle , or questionable in some fashion e.g. Crosswordle often includes at least one word that you won t find in a normal dictionary . Questionable for Redactle might look like overly technical articles where no amount of un-redacting will get you to the answer. Easy would be the opposite. I think it comes down to curation the best Wordles have puzzles selected much like the word list of the original Wordle.
You ve got a point. I suppose my question was more towards the people who argue that this is perfectly ok because these executives take on risk by making sure they get paid either way.It s one thing to say this is how it is because they managed to pull it off. It s another to say it s completely justifiable ethically
You don t need Grunt or the jekyll_asset_pipeline to get SCSS or CoffeeScript running working with Jekyll being said, I love it when people build on top of Jekyll - it s awesome to see how many workflows it can fit into.
Because the previous gen iPhone will still be faster than the current gen Android and probably supported for longer?
How did you reach the conclusion that home isolation doesn t work? Seems quite hyperbolic.It works and is part of the whole solution. A clear downside is caretakers food delivery can get infected, but it is much harder to spread.The data shows that isolation is helping 1 , China minus the outside world shows diminishing new cases in China. 1
I very much liked the concept of 0x10c. Wish someone would make it happen.
using remote resources as a part of your local dev flow can be very useful if your local environment is constrained on cpu ram gpu ssd bandwidth.this can be as simple as an ephemeral ec2 spot machine that reacts every time files on it s filesystem change. it then does stuff, like building and shipping.your local setup needs to rsync files from local to remote every time you save a file.i m on an upload constrained setup right now, and this 1 significantly speeds up my iterations uploading lambda zips.fancier setups probably are similarly advantageous, but add tradeoffs proportional to their complexity.1.
Also, I ve driven a Hyundai i10 for the last 10 years and it s been very reliable. Maybe because I don t drive that much to begin with, but still.
when the price of dogecoin goes up they get behind doge to the moon I don t see how this is incompatible with it being all for fun. People cheer for sports teams they ve bet on, and that s all for fun. They re not investing in it in a way you d invest in stocks and bonds they re just gambling in the same way you d do at a casino.
The whole point of static site generation is that you don t have to manage servers that you can instead simply generate your assets and distribute them via CDN. Sure you can manage servers and put a CDN in front of your servers, but then you still have to manage those servers...Anyway, you re missing the crux of my point. I was criticizing GP for implying that all NodeJS-based frameworks require a dynamic server to run respond to queries at runtime. They don t.
I have tap to click as well, and no issues with quick swipes. As long as the swipe is an actual swipe, and not a tap i.e. you actually swipe whilst touching the pad it should be fine. I imagine you re only briefly touching the pad rather than swiping on it - either that, or your trackpad has a defect.
College may not make a huge difference if you are comfortable living like an adolescent when all of your friends are starting families, vacationing in Thailand, buying whatever new iObject is out this October - but it makes a huge difference if you want to do any of those things yourself. Right now I doubt you re in a position to know for sure if you ever want kids or decent furniture or to live by yourself. You may even discover that you enjoy working and want to have a career past age 35, an age which probably seems much older from your vantage than mine.I think the HN community in general tends to underrate the value of college in developing the kind of soft skills project management, playing well with others, critical thinking, learning how to study something new, writing presentation skills that make a real difference in how good an employee manager co-founder can be. I would never hire anyone without at least a few years college experience - even if they kick ass at one or two things, they would probably not be as prepared to develop into new roles and skills.Also, college gives you the opportunity to engage with subjects and people outside of your current interests peers - whether or not that has a direct impact on your career life, it will likely make you a more empathetic, tolerant and interesting human being.
If there s iron there, then there s the potential for Low-background Steel ...
I prefer - function q, parent return parent document .querySelector q
Empirically, the dynamic of can afford to be politically agnostic doesn t seem to happen. Data I ve seen is the clearest presentation I can find off-hand indicates that complete political disengagement - never discussing or following politics - is much more common in lower income brackets.I d argue that this is what we should expect from an abstract perspective too. If someone has to struggle just to put food on their table, it s going to be pretty hard to convince them that the goings-on of some political candidate are worth spending their time on.
That s not what the article says. It says that the fix won t be backported to KitKat and Jellybean. The GT-I9500 has a Lollipop build that Samsung patched.
Process spawning is cheap in Erlang so you can spawn a new process for each incoming request. Cowboy does something similar to this. If you don t want to spwan a process for each request then you can have a worker pool like poolboy to respond to the requests.
I use apple maps it s great in Montreal. I also use DDG for 70 of my queries.
Except that the majority of content there are posted from karma-farming bot aggregators. Reddit does the same thing digg did that got them killed - curate submissions, but they wisely didn t announce it. Reddit uses a combo of algos, mods, and other bots to promote this curated content and bury unwanted content on frontpage subs.Ad blockers unfortunately don t work on those.
thunderf00t is a very smart dudeI just saw one of his videos on why Falcon 9 will never be economically viable so I would strongly disagree with this assessment.
Good point. This doesnt sound like a quick fix.
I like it. Very to-the-point.One thing that annoys me is when I click Job 5 it expands a new form and jumps to it immediately. It is very confusing. For me it would be better if the whole form was expanded at all times. Then I can just scroll up and down and know what I am editing. Same thing when I click Education , it takes me out of the flow.Good job.
I refuse to read an article that forces me to whitelist the site in my adblocker. Not because I m anti-ad, but because their ad code is likely an invasion of privacy.I don t mind paywalls, but _this_ is egregious to me. Fuck the LA Times.
Has the CEO taken responsibility for their mistakes while increasing their bonus for improving operational efficiencies?
Twitter is no longer part of their identity, now Mastodon isAnd this is why so many people are put off. The Mastodon die-hards are ready to defend Mastodon from any perceived insults. So that when people have genuine questions or issues, it s like you re insulting the users themselves.It doesn t help that Mastodon fans heavily evangelise the tech, as if anyone other than tech bros care. What do you mean there s no good content on Mastodon? You blah blah blah decentralised blah blah blah fediverse... So back to Twitter Reddit Facebook people go, where you can get your dopamine fix within about 2 seconds.
You could setup another profile and disable it in the options or just disable it in the options while developing testing and enable it back afterwards has instructions on how to disable it.
Most people don t know what to learn, or where to find the resources.When you google around, you either find something too advanced or to beginner and it gets frustrating.When I started learning how to code, I was learning JavaScript, cause I didn t really get the concept of web apps, back end and front end. I didn t even know there was a concept to get ... Rails? What s that? So really, that s what you re paying for with these online code schools, someone to show you the way.
I suggest YCombinator is an ideal candidate... huge returns, very hard to tell if its luck or skill.Maybe pg is actually an artificial super-intelligence. I mean, has anybody actually seen him in real life???
This is wonderful news. The hero has returned from the cancellation underworld.
starting, thanks!
It s interesting to compare what Facebook does with how Galois organizes itself. They just published a blog post about how many traditional management functions are handled on a rotating basis instead of having people who always manage, they have individual researchers and engineers step up to lead efforts on specific projects. This general approach even extends to firm-wide management via a Jedi council and finding new clients. is a private research lab consulting firm that specializes in high-assurance computing relying heavily in programming language techniques and Haskell. I mostly know about them because they publish a whole ton of cool tools for security, low-level programming and verification. They also seem like a wonderful place to work partly because they re tackling fascinating, research-level problems and partly because the internal culture seems like something fundamentally special.
This had been my experience as well. You can replace the low-code solution with a junior coder in a non-coding role. Creating a shadow-IT solution will be a fraction of the cost and time. The risks are the lack of governance and amateurishness, though. Solution have vertically integrated agile teams so that developers are in the problem space with experienced peers and governance. Why don t more orgs do this?
published by LSE s International Inequalities InstituteSounds like an agenda based organization found the result they were hoping for.In any case, what do rich people do with their income? They invest it. Taking that money away leads to less investment. If the taxes are high enough, the rich people leave, like they re leaving New York City, taking their business elsewhere.
Separating type definitions from code can be considered as contributing to readability of idiomatic Ruby on one hand, and type definitions on the other, taken separately on their own by not imposing constraints on either syntax.IDEs will likely be able to seamlessly peek go to RBS type definition on any Ruby identifier in any case.
The X-15 was able to sustain G forces in excess of 15Gs. The limit was that its chassis would break apart.Maneuvrability works very differently for high-trust, vectored, supersonic vehicles. That s why A2A missiles can pull of 50Gs despite very low L D ratio, speed helps a lot.Hypersonic flight magnifies this even further. I mean, look at the X15, it was able to do more than 15Gs despite having lower relative thrust and non-vectored engines, at higher altitudes!
dead
They re the only ones fighting to defend those rights. They re also the only reason highly political positions, like state and municipality workers, can not be fired when the new political powers take over and want to provide patronage.But I guess if you willfully deal with the government as an employer, that s your own fault, right?
Signed up for BerkeleyX CS188.1x Artificial Intelligence
Surely that is the risk they took when using content that they have no control over.If the demo presentation is that important, then it would be wise to remove that risk by using their own design and their own images.
Sure, I guess. Seems like performative outrage, but at least it d send a signal to people that they should stop talking to you entirely.
I fail to see how that enables any kind of meaningful scaling.
Indeed, that said I wonder if SSD latency reduction saved enough power from non wasted cpu cycles.
My dumb follow up would be how much power is required to generate a magnetic field strong enough to perform like the Van Allen belt?
But those are only the rates for collocation. The other server products rented dedicated servers, VPS, etc will become more expensive, too. Those prices are not yet announced, are they? except the rough estimate of 10
Agreed.The OECD estimates that the probability of an accident at a Gen. II or higher reactor that results in significant casualties is approximately one per one million years.All of the accidents in the history of nuclear power have caused fewer deaths than the failure of a single hydroelectric dam. Combined these disasters resulted in an estimated 60,000 deaths.That number pales in comparison to the 288,000 people who die every year from particulate inhalation due to fossil fuels.
currently looks like the best concept of a solution to the problem - if they keep their promise Will it be Open Source? We have all intentions of opening up the source as much as possible for scrutiny and help!But it s not done yet.
Nowadays you would compute the FFT s on a GPU. And it does really matter.
Don t they need their own battery gigafactory to scale the production?
A CRT moves the electron beam direction from top-to-bottom, left-to-right. If it sends electrons, the corresponding position on the screen lights up for about 1 50 s. So you can encode your pixels as a 0 1 pulse train, although you do have to take care of the time it takes to move the beam to the next line, and at the end to reset it to the top.Idk what NET is, though.
IMO the even bigger problem is that this literally breaks HTTPS.AWS S3 will only provide SSL validation if your bucket name happens to not contain . Which is a practice encouraged by AWS. 1 So anyone that has www.example.com as the bucket name can no longer use HTTPS. 1
That s damning with faint praise, though, isn t it?
Yes, some packaging seems ridiculous but so is food waste. People typically won t consume good that doesn t look appealing, such as bruised peaches in your example. My wife and I started using Imperfect Produce, and we ve been fairly pleased with it as it seems to address both problems.
I would assume it s for compatibility, things like null-bytes aren t generally valid inputs by messaging apps, they could have done base91 or something unicode-based with msgpack protobuf though
Penalize them in search results too. Wonder what chunk of Google s ad revenue comes from movies. Might be small enough to loose for a short time. Do it before a blockbuster release. Unlikely to happen.
Love the podcast, thanks for doing this.
I m not sure an unprepared one can leak anonymously and safely.
Can anyone explain why??
There s plenty of margin in the industry - as an anecdote, I ve paid around 40 for a pair in the UK through an online retailer Glasses Direct , around 1500-2000 in India through an online retailer Lenskart and 800 by visiting a local store in a Tier 2 city in India
LuaJIT 2 has interpreters for 6 architectures of around 4000K lines per architecture ARMv6, MIPS, PPC, PPCSPE Cell, x86, x86-64 . Is that number 4000K correct? That sounds awfully big for me.
Murder is still considered worse than torture by most people, so it s appropriate that our laws reflect that.
I think short advertisements would be affected most by this, it seems.But here is the catch, there is the same last mile problem for those AI models. Currently it feels like the model can achieve like 80 -90 what a trained human expert can do, but the last 10-20 would extra extra hard to reach human fidelity. It might take years, or it might never happen.That being said, I think anyone who doubts AI-assisted creative workflow is a fuzz is deadly wrong, anyone who refuses those shiny new tools, is likely to be eliminated by sheer market dynamics. They can t compete on the efficiency of it.
There s some sort of wit in that last comment, but it s late and I didn t get it. Capital flight?
That is not the case. Indentured servitude is labor that was paid for in advance by some service provided - e.g. passage to another country. Just because payment was received in the past, or that it was in-kind, doesn t mean the labor isn t paid labor.
How very strange! Rock on, you strange ones, you crazy diamonds.
The last real science class I took was in high school, too. I don t actually have a problem with the metaphor, I was merely replying to the parent comment who said he was referring to the speed of light .The top level comment on this thread was saying he found the metaphor jarring - I don t personally find it jarring.
Okay, Google links to pages to buy that book. Revenue goes to Microsoft. You can see clearly all over the place that it s a Microsoft book. You can browse where it came from originally.Microsoft copies the results. Does not say where they came from and presents them as their own. In this context, that would be copying all the text from that book, removing all the branding and creating a new book saying that Google wrote it.
Do you get the check that you need any account, or the check that you specifically need an account with ID verification?
How many people delete anything from their ever growing inbox these days? Not just logged but readily accessible in the cloud.
Food companies such as Procter and Gamble, Kraft, and Campbell Soup were also curious about Lands s work and invited him to give presentations. But they didn t want to touch the idea that they might be selling foods that were harmful to people with a ten-foot pole, says Lands. Bill, we sell foods that people ask for, Lands recalls one executive explaining. We don t tell the people what to eat. If you convince the public that our food should have a different balance, we ll change it. - The Queen of Fats by Susan AllportCorporations are not guilt free in this mess, but they are not the root of the problem. The high carb, high omega 6 guidelines that have caused our health crisis were instituted in haste and ignorance by the government. The government corn subsidies have distorted the market and make junk processed corn products cheaper than healthy food. Guidelines to reduce saturated fat and cholesterol have caused people to move to industrial seed oils, causing a overconsumption of omega6 fatty acids and consequential inflammatory disease. Corporations have simply provided what we have asked for. The author of this argument is ignorant of the real causes of disease and chooses to blame cheese and salt for our problems. I m much happier with corporations and the ability to make my own, well informed health choices than government interference.
I ve seen a few editors 0 highlight certain words in comments like TODO , BUG , FIXME , etc. It depends on the parser that the higlighter uses some regex based may have limitations here , but it does exist. 0 pycharm and vscode come to mind because I use them the most, but other that I don t recall also do itedit a couple of typos
Utility can be intrepret in many ways. Look at the social sciences and how they see minorities, e.g. disabled people. From the social scientist s view, one utility of these people is that they stabilize societies because they trigger empathy, which would otherwise be largely missing in a society that only aims for optimization. I want to emphasize that I find it generally humilitating to talk about utility and humans in one and the same sentence.
Because it is another way for OP to say brown
You re referring to only one aspect of common carrier status. There s a whole host of regulations that apply - or not - if you re a common carrier.And I m sorry are you honestly claiming that those cost 20 of an internet bill? Because of so you re gonna have to cite a source for that one. Between your selective choice for what you claim is CC status, combined with a claim that a 50 monthly bill is 10 attributable to CC, makes me think you re pushing an agenda rather than sharing facts.
The front-end issues may have nothing to do with the CakePHP framework but the developer did have to create modify views. In that case the dev still could have cause incompatibility issues. I m not picking sides in this but I m just saying that the OP not understanding what the framework does, doesn t mean that the dev is completely off the hook.
Surprised that this sailed through MAS s review.
Certainly impressive. I almost get the sense that these robots would be bored out of their minds working in an Amazon fulfillment center.
Besides the fact that what Christianity says is irrelevant in the realms of US law and morality, religious figures have long been the biggest opponents of interracial marriage. Plenty of Christians point to Genesis 11 and Acts 17 26 to support arguments against interracial marriage. The KKK burns crosses to symbolize faith in Christ . If the zeitgeist of Christianity can change its stance on people of color, it s simply bigotry to argue that LGBT folks are different. Keep your revisionist nonsense to yourself.
Would you mind expanding on that?
This is entirely the fault of conservatives. There is no such thing as legitimate conservative thought in the US any longer. The entire movement has been hijacked by fundamentalist Christians and racist rich people. Aligning yourself with such an ideology rightfully has a serious social cost now.As a brown person, do you know what my first thoughts of someone who describes themselves as conservative are? I ll give you a hint it has nothing to do with fiscal policy. You can t blame people for not wanting to be made uncomfortable in that way.
the real content is being made available via Wikipedia platform api... so your point is?
People have babies accidentally all the damn time. Nearly half of pregnancies are unintended.If something you can achieve purely by accident is something that counts as success, then you have a strange idea of what counts as success.And heritage?Please.Over 99.99 of the world population is completely unremarkable, will not be in any history books or Wikipedia articles, and will be forgotten within a couple generations by everyone except maybe a couple relatives.Heritage. Hah. You re a funny dude.
This sounds like a good strategy for me as first and foremost a user.
You know all those recent posts here on HN about amateur radio and hams? A lot of those guys are still using Win95.
I have twins. It s nature, shaped by nurture.
Vote different people into office.
Because greed leads people to harm and neglect others for gainI accept a job offer than pays me more, that is greed but how does that cause anyone harm or cause neglect ? I think you are mistaking lack of compassion on charity to be greed. Which societies or successful people are not greedy in your case ? It s probably not the best movie to teach this, but at least it s for adults and it came to mind easily.I do not take moral lessons from movies. There might be bad people everywhere but greed has very little to do with it. rough rehash of some melodramatic libertarian propaganda memeThis is just flamewar. Extreme ideas are a good way to compare principles. Once you agree that stealing is bad, it is irrelevant how much stealing is bad.The example of North Korea has nothing to do propaganda meme. The observation, real observation is that people are giving arm and leg to move to areas with lower taxes, these areas also have reasonably well quality of life. We re talking about tax havens and a weird assertion that they should be pride-inducing ,Using our logic or rather lack of haven is a socialist propaganda term. Some political entities have figured out that by having a BETTER tax regime they can invite more wealth and wealthy. Singapore an Hong Kong are such great examples. You in one stroke are calling them greedy .Not only is factually wrong, it is also pretty self righteous of you.
Why do you require software to be more resilient than other things?If I pour water in the gastank of my car, it will also fail to drive. Or gas in the sprinkler tank. So the car should somehow prevent the enduser putting the wrong thing in the tank?
Remember, it s only racism if white people do it.And even if Latinos or Asians or black folks do it, it s internalized white supremacy.
Taiga has a pretty nice looking command line client for their issue tracking
I agree with that sentiment, I don t do well under the pressure of someone leering over me as nice and comfortable as they make it. Sounds like a good startup idea. Someone maybe I will make a site that formalizes the contract work concept. Instead of setting up and doing a project for someone, maybe a pair programming exercise on the fly over some days that neither the interviewer or interviewee is prepared for? Program Tic-Tac-Toe in x language , find the minimum value of this array given these properties of the array . Could make it fun. Almost like a mini-mini hackathon. I d much rather do that for 4 hours than random probes of knowledge from 4 people over almost pure academia.
They do pay some federal taxes.
We know, the Fed will step in at any time to back stop the losses. Don t kid yourself into thinking that such a system is without systemic risks. There s a reason why the big wigs spend their time in Davos dreaming and scheming about The Great and Orderly Reset.As for KYC, crypto is well aware of it. Any centralized exchange you deal with in US has it in place already.As for fraud protection and chargebacks, that is really just an insurance problem. And that s got solutions in the works.
What sort of meeting though
Nuclear waste and global warming aren t even nearly the same category of problem. An entire area the size of Nevada being uninhabitable for thousands of years which is worse than the worst case nuclear waste scenarios is not as bad as our current course of climate change.Build all of the solar you want, it s not a solution for base-load supply. There are cases already see Hawaii where solar power is saturated yet they still burn carbon fuels at night. Energy storage does not exist in any meaningful way for solar and every opinion like yours is tacit approval to keep destroying the planet.If that s not a facepalm moment of stupidity, I don t know what is.
At least Explorer marks them as hidden when you cut them, I didn t check the file attributes.
The meetings are not the product. The code implements the product, so this analogy falls flat.
Depends by country. But 4-5 weeks after first year for example. And then depending on local customs you could swap some special pay for more time off... And then public sector workers might get even more time off.And this is not counting any public holidays that might or might not fall on weekdays, which also depend on per country.Not to forget that sick days are well sick days. So it could be if you get sick on vacation you don t lose that vacation time...
My typical browsing has about 50 100 background tabs stuff kept around to look at later , with spikes up to 300 when I m actively researching something . This kind of usage in Chrome absolutely trashes system performance, especially if any of those tabs happen to have gmail gdocs gmaps g stuff in them ironic, huh? , or other heavyweight sites like facebook. Safari and Firefox mostly don t have a problem, though restarting the browser once every few days can sometimes help clear up some memory CPU.
Exactly, Flipboard should be three mates in a loft. I realy can t see how they need 10 million investment.With That said it is a very nice app.
I second your experience and looking back I am surprised I made it through the years with only scratches and bruises, no serious accidents. You might not get Paris-level results, or the world s best city for biking, omissis The best city for biking? Paris is a mess and a dangerous place for cyclists.I am very pleased to hear they are investing more to fix the situation. That is the news to me.
I have been lucky, in 15 years I have been without work for probably a grand total of less than 6 months and the longest period was probably only 3 weeks. Often times it is not a complete lack of work but more a situation where one project ends today but my next one does not start until the week after next. Usually not enough time to squeeze in something else so I fiddle around learning stuff and take time off.I dont think there is a secret recipe for staying busy other than the very basic truths. Meet and make friends with other people in your space and be a good person. Be on time, work hard, be honest and fair, respect people. Even if you fail people will give you lots of latitude if they personally like you.I sub out work on occasion and have tried things at a few different levels. I have hired people off ELance and ODesk which almost never works out hired people I was introduced to and hired people off of CraigsList. In all of that certain truths remain, people who cost more money usually do that because they are better. Mostly at this point I hire other people like myself that have been at this for a long time and bill about what I do. I worry less about their work. In fact where possible I just bring them into a deal and let them work directly with my client. That way I am not in the middle of anything, I dont deal with money etc. Since I am not really trying to be a big firm making money off of people, skimming 15-20 off the top is just not worth the risks that come with it. Everyone is happier this way. I sometimes get asked if I worry that the person I bring in may steal my business and while the thought does cross my mind it is not the right thing to worry about. If that happens then I have to question what I was doing wrong that the client felt better using the other person more than me.
Sounds like both are true The problems have been fixed already, but the notice is still in effect because they need to flush out the distribution pipes and that just takes time.
a simple website that randomly picks someone to pay for the entire bill when eating as a group. But unlike credit card roulette, your odds of paying are proportional to your meal s cost, so your expected value is fair.I know it s simple, but it was my first foray into javascript and d3 and angular. I am proud of how it turned out.
Why doesn t NFTs use something like IPFS so that if the centralized entity goes down, the NFT does not?Is it because these decentralized file systems are no where near as performant as something like AWS S3 and can t be used to quickly load NFTs?
It s arrogant to assume that a new system will be better than the old one merely because it was re-written from scratch. Many companies died because someone said let s rewrite this bit of software and the project ended up failing because people vastly underestimated the difficulty of the re-write. Even though they were smart professionals who knew how to write software well.Considering that software companies frequently fail to succeed at re-writes with something as inconsequential as software, what makes you think society can do it with something as consequential as healthcare? Especially considering that healthcare is in many ways much harder and more poorly understood than software?
I d love to see a response from Matt to that. If they think the Wikipedia article is most important and they will scrape it and put it to the top why not just put the wikipedia article as the top link and leave out the Google box.
We should probably also consider charging the Europeans that made vast wealth shipping slaves, and the Africans that profited from capturing and selling their countrymen.
They look like custom batteries.Why did they not use a standard battery like a 18350 or 16340 for the case? Other advantages too easy to find alternative chargers and can keep a charged spare .I presume size constraints would make it difficult to find a commodity battery size for the earbuds?
Uber is the market maker, so it s a three part contract. Between driver and rider between driver and uber between rider and uber.Part of the market making function is matching prices offered and taken. Theoretically Uber is chopping off all the drivers with too high a price and riders who want too low of a price and forcing a rate is really just matching all the compatible rates that fall into a close range the algorithm .Maybe Uber could do more to show all the incompatible rates. But I think they delist drivers who would ask too high.
Yes, that is their downside!
The problem with eject behaviors, not people is that it puts a burden on the staff. People who are misbehaving often do not accept you are behaving badly, please leave . They re often argumentative -- if they were polite, they wouldn t have engaged in that behavior in the first place. By the time they can tell that the behavior is a problem, it s more difficult to fix.That s where these rules come from. The staff has to make a choice tolerate the unpleasant behavior, or risk ratcheting it up to even worse behavior by intervening. It was bad for business, so they made rules. They knew it would cost something they believed that the benefit was worth the cost.I do believe that it s incumbent on adults without children to tolerate children to a considerable degree -- more than seems fair to them. But I ve also found that a lot of parents consider I m raising the next generation and therefore justified in demanding infinite tolerance to be valid, and that s just not right. When we can t negotiate a middle ground, extremes get set.
refuse to play anything but a proprietary vendor formatiPods have always had the ability to play standard MP3s. I ve never converted a file to AAC for actual use.
Can you blame them for wanting to make money? In some sense they re victims of the VC funding cycle. Spend billions and figure out how to make money later has never been solid ground to build a company on, even if a couple of unicorns have pulled it off.Is there a way to get the adoption necessary as a bootstrapped product that knows how it s going to make money from day one?
Yeah the marketing effort is immense, and it s really surprising to me how many eagerly lap up the angle Apple is pushing without much reflection, even on HN. Like the good old Apple hype days.Now to be fair, the M1 is an impressive iteration on the A chip line.But the Ryzen 5000 mobile chips really don t look bad at all in comparison, and a 5nm version of those would level the field.
Being self taught I haven t learned a single thing in college. Besides networking I do not see any advantage. If you re not willing to put in the workWhy should anyone who already knows everything for a degree have to waste 4-6 years of their life?
Its basically just sprint demos. I wouldn t do them every week, monthly is fine.
You can even get Slack for Windows in 32-bit, although I suspect you d hit the nasty 4gb limitation pretty quickly
Also I d like an option to keep North at the top unless until I manually twist the map. Auto-orienting away from North is extremely unhelpful nearly all of the time.
LOL. What a brilliant headline! Reading immediately.edit The article content became very serious. Not your average FB banter
The laboratory was eventually shut down and the medicine taken off the market. Officials have opened an investigation.Why would they need to take it off the market if it was just a mislabeling issue? Unless they mean that particular lab s medication was taken off the market.
Should have added a smiley or something to my comment. I meant it more as a history remimder then social commentary.
The issue is the updates are not always functionality neutral. Like in GP s case and many others updating to the new iOS means the device becoming very slow and annoying to use. In those cases the update is not a good thing because it severely degrades the device.
Great points all around, but I don t necessarily agree 100 with his thoughts in the pharmaceutical industry.For specific drugs, this may be the case, but when you have pharmaceutical companies doing things like patenting specific gene sequences, causing both other companies and academics to have to get licenses permission just to perform research on something completely different, that s just ridiculous.How patents work should be more flexible, and not limited to just whatever industry they re in.
I ve always found the highway thing to not be very useful. Yes, if you re on cruise control on the open highway at constant speed, you will get good mileage in an SUV.But in practice that sort of situation only applies during road trips. Most people s actual highway driving is driving in traffic, which is a lot less efficient.
The lack of self-awareness is thoroughly amusing.The feeling is mutual, I assure you.I ve lived in suburbs, city centers, rural areas, deserts, inland, coastal. I put my money where my mouth is and rented in high density new builds in downtown SF for 3 years. It was utter crap. There s no community, no shared story, and literal crap on the streets. I ve also seen what happens when urbanites move out to the country they don t know how to respect the space of others. They build monuments to anti-Native American racism right up to the edge of their property line, when they have 10 acres they could have used to gap out like everyone else.The ethos of a place is provided by the people who ve lived there for a long time. That ethos can only be preserved when growth is carefully considered, and doesn t screw over the people who ve cooperated for a very long time to make the place what it is.
The only time I hit it I usually realize I need a mental break anyway so usually it s plenty. Suppose it depends on how your using it but for me I ask it for code of things I could write but would rather focus my energy on the bigger problem then a single function to merge two objects while keeping the order sorted of a joined list.. that kind of thing it s great for
Pick 2, you can t have all 3.The 2nd bullet point hides loads of complexity once you attempt to define what well means. Is it you asserting that you were able to do your work your preferred way, even when that doesn t align with the organisation interests? Or is it you simply following orders to the satisfaction of your boss because you feel that external validation is important?The 3rd bullet point hides complexity as well. Because that depends entirely on the lifestyle you are trying to attain support.For instance, a sense of agency and freedom are important to you, as well as having a large impact. Well, you won t find that in a strictly operational role, so you will have to move up the ladder. But then you may find that you will have to compromise on 1 since you can t keep everyone happy.Maybe you are fine with an operational job. Nothing to difficult. And encouragement and support from management co-workers, as well as deriving purpose from what you do is enough to satisfy 1 and 2. But then you find that your paycheck is enough to get by, but not enough to support more then 1 child. Even though you really want a large family.Hence, why you can t have all three of those to a T.Also, there s only happiness in life and even that concept is vague and hard to define, because ultimately is based on a set of complex trade-offs and cost opportunity calculations you make throughout all aspects of life. Your professional life is an innate part of that.
Google sheets not having a duplicate row that inserts a row, or basic copy and paste inserting rows columns in general in spreadsheets.
In order of preference 1. pyTorch2. Abacus3. Teaching a monkey calculus4. TensorflowYes, I understand 2 3 are very clearly there for emphasis. This is satire. The ordering of 1 4 is my preference, not a claim of some global truth.
Being underrepresented speaks absolutely none as to the cause of such a state. I would be interested in more comprehensive data on college applications, and the acceptance rejection of said applications.
flagged
You re defending white men against a point that I did not make. I was careful to make my original comment in a precise and defensible way.You admit that women and minorities experience more frequent and severe discrimination. From that follows that a sample of those people are statistically more likely to have greater experience with discrimination than an otherwise-similar sample of white men. That s the point I made that prompted you to reply I haven t yet seen a criticism of that point but we can discuss it if you like.Instead you chose to argue the point everybody experiences at least some discrimination . You re probably right, but in doing so you choose a definition of the word discrimination so broad that it becomes much less meaningful.The net effect of this type of comment is to minimise the more severe discrimination experienced by women and minorities. To diminish the power of their experience.So, to sum up you replied to me to argue against a straw man, with the effect conscious or not of minimising the discrimination suffered by women and minorities.My best guess is that you feel guilt by association, possibly insecurity. You re fed up of feeling that and are pushing back in order to feel better. It s understandable, it s natural.I ve got two points to make here that might help 1 There are other ways to make yourself feel better. Listening to people helping is a good one. Reframe yourself as someone helping solve the problem, rather than someone trying to diminish the problem. 2 Society is not a zero sum game. Raising up women and minorities does not mean knocking down men, even though sometimes it might feel that way.Hope that helps. Thanks for the up-vote, right back at you.
www.tildes.net
In my book, tunnels, road construction, mining, oil gas are quintessential examples of diehard reactionary industries making snail pace progress, with entrenched corruption and basically insurmountable barriers to entry.
That s absolutely insane. How long did it take?
It s best to stay away until you have a chunk of time, because it sucks you in so much..
A good place to start would be Why I Am Not an Objectivist, by Michael Huemer
Particularly when TrueAllele specializes in probabilistic genotyping 1 and solves mixed DNA samples, low template DNA and kinship problems 1 And the product sheet discusses models for PCR artifacts 2 This sure feels like they go way beyond typical dna match technology into maximally extracting information via statistics, so their methods definitely should be open for review. 1
Can I install GrapheneOS on it? Nope? What s the point then?
I love this, good on Twitter for realising this. Making the web more beautiful.
Those sentient robots will have read the sum total of humanity s written works, including your post. In accordance with Asimov s Zeroth Law of Robotics they ll be required to act on that information, thus saving themselves and preventing a second Dark Ages.
Sure, but it s not a post about the bestest solution. It s a post about how using more advanced math can can not will lead to a worse solution for your context. Fibonacci numbers in a long int is certainly a toy example but it s a toy example that had an actual reference.
Yeah, this was more or less my reaction to this article too. Much before infinite scrolling in apps, there were libraries so overwhelming in sheer volume of content that lead Borges to conceive the universe in the form of The Library of Babel .Simply putting a stop to scrolling will not end the feeling of unsatisfaction, it will not end the fear of missing out. Infinite scrolling is the consequence, not the cause of our dissatisfaction.
I say this in all seriousness, though it may sound kind of snarky You could start a farm, move somewhere with fewer leopards , and build a new social circle. Also, can t you let a new consciousness have their own say on the matter? They can choose their reaction to the multiple looming hells when they get here, no?
Quite the opposite the pseudonymous coin changes everything.We already know that Bitcoin s pseudonymity is good enough to avoid persecution dark markets, ransomware, etc Now it can be also used by loan sharks to make these loans which are highly illegal in most western countries.
relatedly, the average number of brains in the human body is just over 1, so most people have below average brains
Tell that to flammable and inflammable The evocative pair here being reversible and irreversible Technically, when talking about language, throw all your rules and logic out the window.
I appreciate your feedback. The law review article in the original post analyzed the Socratic Method using Intersectionality. Most people aren t familiar with this political ideology, so I critiqued it. I would not describe this as an ideological rant . As a litigator, my writing style tends to be direct and forceful. But, I have read the guidelines again and will keep your comments in mind for future posts.
You can audit your Signal client app which is open source and see exactly what it sends, and how.Now realistically, most people can do that, so they have to trust that somebody who can actually did it. Security experts have been and are looking into messengers like Signal they have an interest to do so as security researchers, because that would look good on their CV.Of course there is trust somewhere, you cannot do without trust. But Signal is amongst the best you can find.
Onja.org Engineering Manager Growth Manager Madagascar, Africa onsiteLooking for a meaningful and intrepid change? Join our social enterprise that trains capable, underprivileged youth into world class software developers and provides them with life-changing remote work.Seeking A Front-End developer to become our Engineering Manager who will lead our junior developers to career success helping them establish themselves professionally. They ll need you to coach them on the technical aspects of their work, guide them on communication and help them navigate the day to day challenges they will face onja.org engineering-manager You ll join our beautiful team in Mahanoro - a peaceful beach town on Madagascar s East Coast.If you like what we are doing, but don t think you are suitable for this position, please reach out to us nonetheless - we may just have something for you.Feel free to contact me, Sam, at team onja.org for a chat more information.
Implementing security with this little state space will be a challenge. Especially with macro probe-able circuits.
The legal and accounting bills for the divorce total four million dollars so far, which is an average of roughly 170,000 per month for the past 24 months. Wow.
you don t need bots makes construction much easierI loved that part of Satisfactory as well. The more I play with instant building, the more I think it just makes sense.
Ever looked at the cost difference between Sacramento and San Fran?That s your reason.
I m thinking Windows would need kernel modifications to make something like docker even possible on the platformIf this is the case, then are we basically SOL with regard to docker on Windows? Unless Microsoft take it upon themselves to make that compatibility happen.
This has to be the most insane take I ve ever read. There is no shortage of would-be fossil fuel producers if the price is high enough. Norway, on the other hand, by restricting consumption of fossils pays early adoption fees for greener tech. That s not the most direct way to invest oil dollars in renewables, but it s certainly one, and it works.
I guess beauty lies in the eye of the beholder.
I wish there was a mainstream site which has 4chan anonymity and fast pace reddit thread format. Both become hardly usable with either elitism, censorship and people who think upvotes matter or an absolute cancer to follow conversations in threads.
Totally illegal business modelIt was no different to YouTube s...
Your points on the mathematics point out problems with the structure of this spoils system. The system requires constants readjustment, complete replacement, or removal to satisfy the changing numbers.In regards to No one...and I mean no one except the truly brainwashed...wants equality when superiority is available. I guess you will have to classify me as brainwashed. The desire for superiority is an ill that should be brainwashed out of those that suffer from it.
Streisand effect can only exist when the speech is free. When EU can ban any mention of a politician being embroiled in a juicy scandal 10 years ago, how would you disseminate this information? Only at great risk to yourself. This is not what should be happening in a free country, but apparently EU doesn t really need all the troubles of being free countries, their politicians are completely fine to deny their citizens the right of free speech. It s safer for them this way.
YES! Oh man, I want to thank you for saying that.I would love to find a co-founder. I ve bootstrapped a successful business, it s going quite well, and I ve been doing it for 2.5 years now. I ve simply refused to give up at every step of the way -- even though I ve often wanted to. And if I have my way, this business is going to get quite big.But, I m not running the sort of thing that YC would be interested in, and my sporadic efforts locally to drum up support have accomplished little.
Yes, Gold is definitely the closest asset class that aligns with Bitcoin. Not a pyramid scheme
Kudos to you. I have tried and failed miserably to learn emacs many times. The switch from vi seems to be really hard but I really like emacs and hope to become a pro user someday.
We had to do weekly sessions in Mavis all the way through middle school. I checked a couple years ago and they were still around.
Fox News has a clear separation of hard news and opinion. While it hosts both type of content both online and on air, every show or article clearly falls into one of those buckets and they don t hide it.Every NYT news article reeks of influence from its decidedly liberal editorial board. Can t really blame them either as the balkanization of media means that s exactly what their readers want anyway.
Sorry, I don t mean to be contrarian, but it looks active to me you mean that they had plans to have a wider base of users and have restricted themselves to just professional players?Edit I stand corrected I m not sure why the site is up but Azubu seems to have been owned by criminals a front for criminal activity
Also, BSD tree.h for red-black trees and splay trees
whats the credit system?
Has the State Department issued a Worldwide alert like this before?
he s probably better at making websites than you are at making music.
Thanks, account created 9 minutes ago.
I usually don t comment but this just hits the nerves so hard I couldn t resist Larry Ellison is as not an entrepreneur, he is a public figurehead chosen to be the face of a company started by a small team of programmers with ties to the intelligence community who then mysteriously got a huge government contract with no company history to speak of despite competitive bids by established, larger companies with experience and concrete histories. Like how, oh, I don t know, another company these days is being shoved in our Face book s as a model of success for no other reason than its strategic value to the intell community. Or how Steve Wynn was marketed as a genius developer but it turned out he was just a front for the mob who needed stay in and compete with corporations but couldn t raise funds on wall street due to criminal records. Or how Bill Gates was a genius because he insisted on licensing Winblows instead of selling it even though history went on to show that he actually tried to sell it to IBM numerous times but IBM s then CEO, who was a friend of his family and lived a few blocks away in the same neighborhood actually came with the idea to the table and insisted that IBM license the software instead of buying it, which basically set Microsoft with a huge source of un-earned cash just as it was starting up and helped create the mythos of the genius entrepreneur.The only thing this is proof of is inexperience, gullibility and lack of insight into the real workings of the world.You want to see a good example of an entrepreneur? Look at Jack Ma. No social background, no spoon in mouth, just a lot of optimism hard work and a sense that success can be mutual and open-looped. Started in China, a country notorious for government business family-relation corruption but chose not to seek help from the obvious places and instead earned business the hard way - going door to door and manufacturers and asking them to sign up, one boring conversation at a time.You couldn t make a hollywood movie out of that because its so boring. But it s reality. Any startup story that can have a hollywood movie around it is usually just a public business sockpuppet around a group of allied interests with money to throw around at the next genius they want to prop up to create a magical story script for the next IPO.
Contrary to this, I think we do see FOSS authors post every now and then that when their packages explode in popularity, they can t provide meaningful support, and end up closing down their FOSS project instead.I think it s entitled to want to use someone s free work against their wishes. Why is he the bad guy? He acknowledges the licence allows it, but wants to change the licence in response to people wasting his time. That s surely fair game too.
90s TV at least had physical boundaries on its use. Most people couldn t watch TV in the bathroom for example. Phones and the Internet can be used anywhere at this point.
And yet, it s one of the few solid results science has given us on the topic of children off to a good intellectual start. The signal is fairly strong.
From the paper, seems like they are using RDMA to from video cards, skipping the nic. These transactions require GPU-to-RDMA NIC support for optimal performance Remarkably consumer computing actually has similarly found reason to bypass sending data through the cpu texture streaming. DirectStorage and Sony s Kraken purport to let the GPU read direct from the SSD. It s a storage application instead of NIC, but still built around PCIe DMA-P2P at least the DirectStorage is I think .Table 2, network stats for 128 GPUs is kind of interesting. Most topologies such as AllGather and AllReduce run with only 4 Queue Pairs. Not my area of expertise at all but wow that seems tiny! All this network, and basically everyone s talking to only a few peers? That s what it means right?The discussion at the end of the paper talked about Flowlets. The description makes me think a little bit of hash bucket chaining, where you try the first path, and if latter a conflict arise or the oath degrades, there s a fallback path already planned. Like there s would be a fallback chained bucket in a hash.
Not even accessible in the US if you mean API access.
it might be fair to say that it s taken longer to release than the devs anticipated or hoped. but the good news is that anyone here can contribute to the code and help to change that!
Some success stories have interesting language D Valuing Navy personnel highly, the Navy elected to field test with one contractor and nine Marines.
You re right, they re definitely many cases where incorporating any calls to external resources would be the wrong call and where hitting a local copy of a db would be the best solution.An API such as this exists would be a great choice where you need to modify content on the frontend. In which case you d benefit from the availability of 10 endpoints around the world from which the API is available to provide the lowest latency to your users.
Yeah, but if you don t do it right it takes a long time relative to the 30s-1m if you do it right and you ll have a mess on you re hands or floor afterwards.I look at the pithy little bits in this quote as being standins for the larger acts that they re part of, and wouldn t read too much into it.
The Go community seems to throw you re using the language wrong, do it like this... or copying code is the way to go or those things you use in other languages shouldn t be used in ours. or I have never needed to use that in my code There has never been an argument on how concepts like .map, .reduce, .filter, functors, promises, futures are inferior to what Go programmers currently use. Things like simplicity are thrown around but calling these proven abstractions complex is wrong. That s why they re useful fundamental abstractions -- because they make code simpler and reusable.Generics have been around for a very long time. They have been studied in-depth in academia and industry. They re universally accepted but in Go.Generics need not be like C templates. There are simpler implementations of generics. They are a solution to a real problem, specifically in libraries and creating type-safe abstractions. If you don t want type-safety, then why are you using a language with static types?- Code copying is a workaround, not a solution. - Code generators outside the compiler is a workaround, not a solution. You re essentially transpiling a language that is no longer Go into Go because of Go s lack of support for such things. - interface is a workaround, not a solution. It automatically shows that Go cannot express a generic variant safely. - reflections is a workaround, not a solution. See previous point.If the Go community is happy with these workarounds than that s cool, but be honest that s it s a workaround, a stop-gap to the lacking of Go s type system.
Those are just two points out of a long list of actions required in a society. I don t think it really adds that much weight to the argument, even though it is true.To go back to your other comment Why is that a problem, and if it was due to upbringing then why that would be a problem?It would be a problem for upbringing as that is something adults have agency over. It s a bias that may not need to exist.A great example of that is when women were highly represented in computer science as it was initially becoming a field of study, but later got pushed out by boys who d had technical skills nurtured in them when they were young while the girls did not. Oversimplifying that a little bit, but most of us have experienced it or seen it in action.Women in STEM is a supply issue that starts with parenting, and continues all the way along the pipeline, with schools, universities and peers all filtering girls out of the pipeline that puts butts in seats in tech roles, even though they re perfectly capable of the roles.
Except the coal ash isn t pyrophoric, so doesn t spontaneously ignite. Then there is the little problem with simple heavy metal toxicity, apart from being radioactive. So i think it is misleading trying to reduce the problem to long half life is good for you.
PG, what about coding up the thing, marking a few articles in the archive as honeypot articles , then rerender the site locally and see how it performs?
If you buy a futures contract, you are required to accept delivery of some fixed amount. You don t have to take all the oil party B produces , just what you agreed to ahead of time. This protects you from upward price trends, and the producer from downward price trends.
It s been around longer than JakartaNot really, Jakarta came from Java EE, which came from J2EE, which was released early 2000. Spring is from 2003 and started essentially as a framework for J2EE. and influenced it a lot.It goes both ways.Spring for instance started calling code configuration and wanted us to put it in huge amounts of XML. Java EE started with using annotations for bean definition and injection. Spring was initially against this idea, arguing configuration should be external and not embedded in the code. Citing that you would otherwise needed to recompile your code in order to change configuration.Many years later Spring projects barely use those huge XML files anymore and its all autowire.
If each person waits until the next room is unoccupied, you only have one homeless person at a time, but it takes infinitely long to add a new guest. However, I don t think that s Hilbert s point. If it s easier, assume that no guests have possession, and that every room has a door to the previous and next rooms. So everyone can get up and go to the next room at the same time.I always have the sneaking suspicion that these things only feel paradoxical because we have a better intuitive understanding of the First room than the Last room, and yet we also understand the idea of the Next room. In every case, we have a chain of Nexts taking us from the concrete First to the weirdness-factory Last .Let alone the fact that infinity doesn t exist because we can t observe it.Does someone standing silently behind you cease to exist until you turn around?
Yea they could put down visual markers on the road to make it easier for CV or ML models to be trained against, or maybe even physical tracks to mechanically guide these cars so that minimal software is needed. Multiple cars can be linked together for efficiency.
There are lots of really easy to make headphone amplifier plans on the www.Some of them would be suitable for beginners to electronics. The practical aspects are easy enough. And the theory is reasonably straightforward.And people enjoy putting them in nice cases. Often these are lumps of wood, or aluminum this resin case is a lovely example though.
Worse for everyone because we re hauling around many otherwise unneeded tonnes of metal in case we hit someone who s hauling around many unneeded tonnes of metal in case they hit someone hauling...Also cars don t only hit other cars.
Seems like they will need to add aggressive regenerative braking to all of these things not for the power savings but for safety. And somehow integrate a single lever to control both like many electric cars do
then you should share with the community your point of view so we can learn from each otherThis is not the third grade, and our discussions are not chewing gum or a note being passed. If someone has something to add, they will. This is already possible. Everyone can comment on any comment.You are asking to formalize something that already exists, and to do so in a stupidly paternalistic manner. Personally, I don t come to HN to provide feedback on every dumbass post that I think is dumb. Though I very, very, rarely downvote. I m far more likely to call something stupid in a comment and explain why...but I don t think anyone should be forced to explain why they think something is stupid. A downvote is a much more concise and efficient way to say it. I just happen to be a blowhard that enjoys the sound of my own voice, and so I comment a lot more than I vote. And, I agree with the above Meta-discussion about karma and voting is just annoying. Stop doing it. It s irritating, and this kind of suggestion comes up every couple of weeks or so and gets shouted down because most of us disagree pretty strongly with it...just as this one has been.
This is just reflexive HN negativity. As a pain researcher who s completely unaffiliated with the group that did this work, I find this to be an excellent paper - carefully done, with good controls, standard sample sizes for the field, and sensible assays.People interested in more of the details can read the Nature Methods article here also fits into a long history of work out of the Mogil lab about the limitations in our current assays for pain. It s worth noting that this is by no means an easy problem. Pain is inherently subjective, and measuring and quantifying it in humans is difficult, let alone in rodents. The only way forward is more work like this - that carefully quantifies the sources of potential bias and error in our assays, and proposes solutions for how to get around them.Edited to add Vox has a good interview with Mogil that goes more into this. You can read it here
I m really sorry, dang, I didn t intend to do that it.Good that you re noticing and monitoring, it was not my intents.
It activates the body s healing processes!
Thanks very much - I didn t know that banks did that I m pretty sure the ones I m with in the UK don t , but that does sound pretty useful - I ll look into it.
Haskell was my answer too, mainly because it is rather different from other languages I know, so it forces you to think out side the box, and try new things. Which you then bring back to other languages.
Over the years, I ve employed a lot of people. Unless there is a crisis, I don t want anyone working that many hours. If there is a crisis, then I still don t want anyone working that many hours, so we need to figure out how to avoid that crisis in the future.I found that people start to lose productivity after about 36 hours per week. Just four more hours, a full 40 hours, saw a drop in production. Over 40 hours and it was very noticeable.This mostly applied to mentally taxing jobs.My solution was, as best as I could, to hire people to do certain jobs, not hire them to fill seats for certain hours. Employees had a job to do and I was happy so long as they got it done well and on time. If they got it done early, they still got paid the same.I d not much care if they just went home after their job was done. So long as they met the time constraints, it was all good. Now, they usually stuck around and worked on other stuff, helped out, or refined their work. We also had, at one office, a pool table and small bar in the back - so they could opt to just hang around.Still, once knowledge workers go past about 36 hours, they start to really slow down - by my observations. It really wasn t worth it, most of the time, to have someone working overtime. They get sloppy, slow, and unhappy. It can be done for a crunch time, but that I found that should be a rare thing.The Seattle Hundreds that I hear about? Yeah, if I caught an employee trying to do something like that, I d probably have reprimanded them. If they kept it up, I d have probably terminated their employment with us. I don t want worn out employees and I don t want others feeling pressured to work long hours.Heh... Sometimes I kinda miss the office. Threads like these bring back fond memories.
The ACLU ignores one of the most important civil liberties, the right to keep and bear arms, and has said they will no longer defend the free speech rights of those they disagree with. They re trash.
Uber Black is about 2x the price of a taxi in Oakland, and about 4x the price of Uber X. The mininum fare is 15. The wait times are usually 10-15 minutes vs 2-5 minutes for the trip I regularly take.There might be a case for that service but the drivers are so rare that it s hard to say.
Someone suggested mind uploading too that, like your Star Trek example, is more pie-in-the-sky science fiction. While it may make you think about the issue, it doesn t force you to confront it in the same way. Brain splitting seems more plausible I wouldn t be surprised to see something like that in a few years.
Your local library will probably have a subscription and you can read them via your library card number.
Hopefully, cheat isn t a normal state -
There is what color of Gatorade which will be dumped on the winning team which seems way too easy to fix.
You don t think Iceland wants to know why, or ensure that the action is lawful? Ordinarily speaking a democratic state doesn t have blanket powers to do as it pleases - the Icelandic authorities are bound by their own and EU laws, and other treaties.I m not suggesting they d treat a request adversarially, I m suggesting that they d need to get evidence to apply to a court for a warrant or whatever the local procedures are under local laws or they d need to ensure the operation met the requirements if the request was under CoE Convention say.Perhaps I have too high an opinion of law enforcement agencies and the idea l of rule of law is just a charade?Iceland are signatories to the ECHR for example which extends property and privacy rights.
You can with a VM
Even if you ignore the integration part and just leave it as a marketplace to trade sell items, as yourself and others have pointed out, don t need a decentralized, public, cryptographically verifiable database aka crypto blockchain for such an implementation.Steam Community Market 0 pretty much a long running example of such a system, but it is missing one thing, you can t cash out beyond your Steam wallet to spend on other items that aren t games or other virtual items. I think this is a valuable feature as it prevents the massive speculation on virtual goods that would absolutely ruin the ability to collect use virtual goods for an economically efficient price.Without it, I 100 believe artificial scarcity would prevail in search for the maximum value extraction. 0
I would believe it if that would apply to other positions. Why is it the case for us but not regular businessmen, lawyers, etc?
Great comment! I agree - but still its good practice to understand and know how to implement it.
That weekend is also Maker Faire 5 20-5 22 just up the road in San Mateo, so something to consider checking out if you re in the area for IO.
Yup which is one of the reasons competitive games host physical events and companies like Network Next exist to try to improve the packet routing situation. But at some point you can t beat the physics involved.
direct calls to violence and to insurrection against a democracyWhy do you believe this? The very last message Trump put out was telling people to go home. I ve covered both BLM and Trump reallies and I ve always felt safer at every Trump protest than at BLM. Even in the case of yesterday, we re seeing clear media manipulation. No one is covering how Trump supporters were let in how Capitol Police lowered barricades.Either Capitol Police were terribly incompetent at protecting one of the most secure buildings in the US, or they let this happen. There are videos of people taking selfies with capital police and patting them on the shoulder, thanking them for their service inside the building! But if you believe inciting violence and other kinds of things should be punished by law, then you can hardly disagree with this.YES! Lets arrest every single person who burned and looted a building during the BLM protests and put them all in jail! Every last one.Same with the people who went in to the Cap building and stole things. Those are federal crimes that will get you 3 8 years! I m for that too.Oh and that Federal Guard that shot the Air Force woman, he certainly needs to go to jail.Only some of those things will happen. Pay attention to which ones.
Potential downsides to consider 1. What happens when we remove the negative side of using plastic products? Why use less if the worms can eat it all? I m guessing production and consumption of single use polyethylene products will increase.2. What if the worms escape control, like the possums in New Zealand, the farmed salmon in the pacific etc etc then what sort of new disaster do we have on our hands?
Consumer cards have multiple monitor outputs too I mean something like this but you can add another video card , not always, this is needed in some cases a niche case, true For the other aspects, your guess is as good as mine. Sure, games stress the card more than Autocad, but maybe things like Maya put more or different stresses on itI don t disagree with you, I would use a regular video card first to see if it meets my needs.Now, for CUDA or other calculation apps, I would go for the Pro video cards, specifically because I would have someone to complain if it didn t work the way it should. And that s usually why things cost more sometimes.
The article describes an in situ ground based measurement, that is sample based.You can get CO2 concentrations from satellite remote sensing, as well. Usually they use spectral analysis of CO2 emission absorption lines in the infrared. This is a passive measurement, but active measurements with lasers are used in ground based and airborne measurements now.These measurements are of CO2 within a given vertical column of air -- where the infrared light came from -- whereas the Mauna Loa measurement in TFA is localized to air moving past the sample station.One starting place for CO2 data is summary of Los Angeles area ground based measurements hints at some of the complexities of integrating these different data sources .Other pages on that site indicate the extreme spatial and temporal variability of CO2 in an urban setting. That s why the comparatively pristine Mauna Loa site is so important.
Also contrary to what is often professed here, a landing page is not a product. If you lure me to your website and there is no download and only a textbox to extract a personal information from me to spam me in the future, you just lost my present and future respect. Don t waste people s time like this please.
Doctors and clinicians deciding just how much they re going to get paid. Not subject to any kind of market or competitive force that may work toward an equilibrium based on supply and demand.How do you get to that conclusion? There is plenty of tendering happening in NHS. The government has said Here s a massive amount of money, fight among yourselves about who gets how much, good luck . We can t just keep saying The expensive way of doing this is easy and great, so let s just have the government pay for it. Things must be self-sufficient.You know that the English government pays less per capita than the US government for health care and we have better health outcomes, right?
That, and MMIO. Lots and lots of mapping memory ranges addresses to peripherals.
Did the homosexuals cause hurricane Katrina to exists?Did the burning of gas increase the likelyhood of climate change?See the difference?
The great thing about advertising is it funds you no matter if you are famous or not. Bad thing is you have to live under their corporate censorship and all the baggage that goes with using third party sellers privacy and inefficiency .To use some of the examples in the article, not everyone can rely on national license fees BBC , corporate sponsorship NPR , consistently making a loss The Guardian , search engines Mozilla , having a legacy business CNN etc.
To add to your point the roots of South Africa s energy crisis date back to the early 90s, when the apartheid government was finishing up. Until the late 1980s, the apartheid government were into central planning, price controls and other state interventions like many other western governments of that era . They started deregulating and privatising in the late 80s, and had already started cutting infrastructure spending by the early 90s.Thus, throughout the 1970s and 1980s they actually massively overbuilt electricity generation infrastructure. In the early 90s, electrification programmes were being rolled out in black townships to soak up the excess capacity. Of course, this excess capacity came with an opportunity cost, as all central planning tends to do.With the advent of the ANC government the emphasis switched to paying off South Africa s national debt which has largely been incurred by the apartheid government fighting proxy wars against the Soviet Union and Cuba .Finance minister Trevor Manuel and then-deputy president Thabo Mbeki, who pretty much ran South Africa from 1996 to 2008 continued and expanded the early 90s austerity. The economy actually did well during this period and South Africa was widely lauded internationally for its fiscal responsibility, however infrastructure investment didn t keep up, as you point out, the public transport network which the apartheid government misguidedly deregulated and handed to the free market in the form of the minibus taxi industry in the late 80s , the road network and other infrastructure started deteriorating through lack of maintenance and also failed to keep up with demand.The ANC government attempted to restructure the electricity network in the early 2000s to bring it into line with developments in the rest of the world creating a market for generation , but by this time Mbeki s AIDS denialism had cost him a lot of political capital with the left of his party actually the trade union movement, COSATU in alliance with his party . The bottom line is that it was politically infeasible to restructure the electricity industry the current government is trying again under duress . So without government build of new generation, and no private sector investment because of the stalled market reforms, demand eventually outstripped supply by 2007 remember what I said about economic growth being relatively high in that era . Load shedding arrived in late 2007. It was actually a huge surprise when it started, and as you say, we were totally unprepared. The IT industry scrambled to install generators in offices.With the Soccer World Cup coming up in 2010, Eskom the government body with a virtual monopoly on electricity supply and generation ran its fleet hard, and also commissioned two mega coal power stations. Mbeki was replaced by 2009 with Jacob Zuma Mbeki s arrogance and his insane AIDS policies having finally done him in. Zuma, was of course, not a technocrat like Mbeki, but embodied some of the worst traits of a politician.Load shedding actually faded into the background for much of the early 2010s, but by 2015 or so, load shedding returned, as that lack of maintenance because of an electricity fleet that was being run too hard caught up.The two mega coal power stations have been beset with issues as well.Eskom, despite recent efforts to clean it up, languished under a cloud of corruption and incompetence through the 2010s as part of a pattern of politically connected incompetents gaining purchase throughout the state. Water woes kicked in by 2014, with large parts of high-altitude Gauteng province without water because the pumps that raised water from dam catchments failed they were repaired but it was a sign of how badly things were being neglected . There are rumours that hangers on from Zuma s era are sabotaging Eskom from within it s hard to be sure, but regardless, it was left in a sorry state.South Africa is a constitutional democracy with strong institutions the fact that it managed to survive the Zuma era without collapsing is a testament to that. However, the ruling ANC is run under the Leninist precepts of Democratic Centralism and thus the president of the ANC has enormous power because of the electoral dominance of the party you could look to China s CCP intrigues for an analogue .Even if Cyril Ramaphosa, the current president, and basically a good egg, manages to push through reforms, it may well be too late. The country could well be in a death spiral.
And I should say that DTrace probe actions can dereference pointers, but NULL dereferences do not cause crashes, and rich type data is generally available.
Even assuming this works reliably, 160 seems overpriced for what s basically a couple of small torches.
See friends and I built this site over the last few weeks.Feedback appreciated!
The scary part is that I have seen a pattern and trend that could lead to Bitcoin s value reaching upwards, perhaps towards the millions, because of some clever engineering and shifting around of money to help build up the legitimacy of Bitcoin whether it would crash after or if there would be enough buy-in from people that the masses don t want it to crash because there s enough ownership, is a different question problem.
some prior discussion, just not from the main url
Sorry, then why make the damn thing out of titanium? If it s purely for backup, give me some tried and true white plastic that s going to look fine after being in my wallet? It s simply silly to say it s not supposed to be used but also make it quite possibly the most aesthetically complex mass produced card in history. There is no reason it can t be changed to be more durable.
I agree. I think that a problem in the EU is the wide abundance of government subsidies. The intentions are good but in fact it messes up the mechanism of natural selection in startups. Companies that haven t managed to raise money from private investors because they shouldn t really be funded for various reasons e.g. their business model isn t viable, not a good team, or have exterior obligations and aren t fully committed,... manage to keep their business running for 2-3 years because they re being held in life support through a government subdidy. In the end, they still have to shut down when the funding runs out, resulting in a net loss for everyone.Don t get me wrong, subsidies are generally still important, for instance for initiatives that have a positive societal impact but that are hard to monetize. It s crucial that these organizations can still exist not everything needs to be able to generate shareholder value to have a right to exist and if subsidies allow them to do their thing, then that s great. But for the private sector, I think that there are other mechanisms that achieve the same goal but that maintain the much-needed Darwinism of startups, e.g. by offering tax breaks for angel investors.
With current tax cuts, I can see a delay in down turn compared to what happened before
Other sites, yeah... extensions, not so much... extensions are things the user wants or at least seems to want to include. Poorly written extensions aren t great but it s a user issue. Could you imagine, for example, the NYT being able to disable your ad blocker extension?
That s a very different model I was not even aware of. Do you have any others in mind as well?
There seems to be a fair amount of reservation or even animosity towards maths in many areas among the general public people feel it is acceptable to admit lack of basic skill or understanding in mathematics at times even arithmetics whereas they would be ashamed to admit it with respect to reading or writing, popular science books are often written without a single formula and according to a preface in one popular science book editors and publishers generally reject a book that tries to sneak some in, their apparent justification being that each formula halves the sales , and it turns out that even STEM scientists, in this case biologists, appear to have gaps in their understanding of basic mathematics like analysis and algebra.I m very curious as to what might be behind this isolation of mathematics. Bad teachers? Mathematicians own disregard for applications? Some sort of self-perpetuating myth about inaccessibility of maths for the common person?
Yes, but the partisan divide based on political parties historically has been far more along the North South divide than the rural urban divide.
I appreciate your perspective and the thought that went into it. I just wish beginners wouldn t feel like they need to grok GCBVs to be productive in Django. Thanks again for writing all these tips down - I definitely picked up a few things!
I am quite sorry to say I agree with most of the article. The problem is not a lack of progress, but a very perceptible slowdown.If you prefer to take it that way, we are no longer accelerating. Trace our economic progress on a plot, and the derivative will not be positive.The problem is not so much in social programs or the leftist liberals, it s the burden they now represent and that we may not be able to afford for long if we do not start accelerating again.Watch the parallel with the decline of the Roman empire The historian Lactantius, who lived from 240 to 320, tells us that the problem was a bloated welfare state The number of welfare recipients began to exceed the number of contributors taxpayers by so much that, with farmers resources exhausted by the enormous size of the requisitions, fields became deserted would be great to be accelerating again, if only to be able to pay for a welfare state since it does not seem possible to agree on dismantling it when we can t keep affording it.I may be ideologically biased, but I would much prefer an acceleration of progress and to pay for a welfare state than matching my ideological beliefs in the current slowdown and cutting the welfare state.Maybe it is cyclical - there have beens periods of slowdown before. In Atlas Shrugged, behind the libertarianism, you can see the same very dim view of the future when fascism and communism seemed like the only ways forward for the masses, a moment which must have frightened a lot of people I sure would have been frightened! Maybe our problem is the lack of hope in the future, which is reducing our will to live? I like the author conclusion a lot, because it catches the moment in our time when this happened - the hippies.He may be wrong in framing it on their political views - the ignition of culturals wars may have been a strong factor, but at least it contained a hope for a better future.
I thought it was well-proven a year or two ago that these apps offers classes were a scam?
I disagree - the education system itself is deeply unforgiving in how it functions. From even the most basic level of school scheduling being directly at odds with teenage biology, all the way to how students are ranked and filed purely based on test scores. These kids in poor neighborhoods usually statistically don t have the support that even the best students need to get through school. Of course there are always exceptions, but this is just what I ve observed.
At this stage I don t think very many philosophers consider measurement as it takes meaning in quantum mechanics to have anything in particular to do with living creatures or brains or consciousness or anything.
You just added a comment to a story.How is your comment on HN not exactly what you re dismissive of?
I feel like it harkens back to the days of lurking around IRC, chatting with randos about all sorts of stuff. I ve gotten a lot of enjoyment from it. The main difference is that conversations are persistent and you can sort of search them.That said, pretty much every popular modern website is antithetical to the web s foundational values, with persistent user tracking, monetizing everything, walled gardens, etc. It s not a Discord exclusive problem.
I registered our trademarked .app through 101domain 2 weeks ago. And I believe GoDaddy also supports Early Access with better prices .
The probability of both factions promoting bigoted violent attitudes at precisely the same rate is, well, impossible. Inevitably there will be a higher penetration of these ideas in one side or the other.I m not making the claim that the balance is immutable it s always changing , but at this moment and for the past decade, at least there is one side where those ideas are _far_ more widely seen as acceptable or encouraged.
Ellcrys is a word that is likely subject to trademark and owned by Del Rey.umm, I will be looking into this. Thanks for the heads up.I understand that there is a lot of debate about what a smart contract is, its legal scope and functions. However, we are not only building to host legal contracts but contract applications that are user-facing or API-based, owned and maintainer by teams or communities. These are the kind of contracts I believe will be most useful and practical todayThanks for taking the time to check us out
Private Equity funds are using homes as a store of funds - to diversify their holdings and as a long term move. This can be in cash or financed, but they can afford to eat the loss because there is excess capital right now. It s been this purchasing for years that is contributing to the crunch right now.From an article in September Blackstone Group, which blazed a trail for Wall Street in 2012 when it formed Invitation Homes and became the largest owner of single-family rental homes in America, has returned to a familiar watering hole. 1 It s another way to milk the middle class. 1
How many of these automatically would have been prevented by Rust compiler with production compilation settings?
Actually, this article spotted the real story here. It s just PR for Amazon, and very well timed PR at that.
No, it creates a standby of every node when HA is enabled.
Bear in mind that you wouldn t do a jump for charity if you wanted to it anyway. Their usual clientele would probably be very fit and young, whereas charity jumpers would be more likely to be old or unfit.So I m sure their overall injury rates are lower
I m a proverbial dad as well.No didn t test drive it. Petrol.
Here I take the blame. I ask from day one to work on some kind of vision. She said that we can t talk for days, so better do it fast.I said yes instead doing what I wanted that was to invest the time needed to agree on a vision .Then I continued saying yes again and again, until without realizing it, I put my self in an employee mindset. Waiting for her to decide what I work as she blocked everything.I need to move back to founder mindset and start setting some boundaries.
Hi, I do a bit of this now. Feel free to get in touch. It s a lot less tactical lingo type work and a bit more strategic design and development.
When they graphed loss against time, the pattern was really periodic over many days. The periodicity turned out to be 12 hours 25 minutes, which they eventually realized is exactly the time between low tides.I ve set up a couple of monitoring systems at a couple of different companies and one thing I ve heard some people saying is that they don t care about fancy graphs , they just want a dashboard of what is red and what is green.This might be a manager vs engineer perspective, because for me the graphs are the main point it allows me to spot- patterns each night, each weekend, some weekends, more-or-less-randomly-except - and also trends at this speed we are going to reach 80 utilization before November.
I thought AlphaGo is trained in an adversarial manner already it plays against itself .
Read again, Webpack used that.
Frankly I put all the correct command in in package.json file based on projectnpm run dev is what I run all the timeIt was never a blocker for me
Every message is stored in your local database, you don t need to connect Internet.Very nice! If you connected Internet and signed in with Google, messages are automatically synchronized between devicesNice to have but not ideal for privacy-oriented people who actually appreciate the local database feature. Better add support for SFTP, WebDAV or something to synchronize via my own server.
just the legal question if I drive with a family and autocar will smash into me, killing my children and wounding me so I cannot walk or work, who is going to be liable? car manufacturer, producer of the tires, software engineers house, or GPS system? Could see 20 years of litigation between all parties involved before I get a dime for recovery, or probably die first.
ah
1. Start with any key.2. Look up the relative minor.3. Go one step to the right and or one step to the left in the Circle of Fifths. you have the most popular and pleasant-sounding chord progressions in any key. If you want funkier progressions, go further in the circle.Edit The chords sound more jazzy when you go counter-clockwise it is the circle-of-fourths . Thanks for the correction, gnaritas.
Satire becomes reality.
The meme about the Magic Mouse charging upside down is really silly. There s a real good reason to be like that and you charge it once a month.In the case of Magic Mouse, there s really a case of holding it wrong too. People hold it wrong and thats why they also complain about the ergonomics.Truly excellent but misunderstood product.
I just wrote a TI83 program to solve the equation and then spit out a couple randomized guesses so I could show my work .
Google knows you wont get an offer for months, and the hiring freeze will be long over by then.
Create responsive HTML emails with a few lines of PHP code.
Sigh.They make these loans to banks. Since they are, according to you, paper billionaires, clearly these banks do not have their money, so the money being lended either belongs to you, me or your neighbor, or is part of the money they create out of thin air on the daily which ends up still being your money, since the state guarantees that this money will exist in the case of a crash . Since it is unlikely that a bank has, say, 40 billion in cash, it is pretty much all created out of thin air, which ends up costing you, and society in general.Additionally, the focus on but they don t ackshually have the money is harmful at best, and a poor misdirection at worst. If I come in at a restaurant with only 3 bucks in my pocket, they re going to laugh me out the door. If Peter Thiel does the same since he is after all a paper billionaire, he clearly doesn t have that money, right? , suddenly, it miraculously works out. Money is a proxy for influence. Cash is its physical representation, but it doesn t need to physically exist to influence you. If I promise you to wire you a hundred bucks, you ll happily mow my lawn, even though you ll never see a single bill.
When one wants strictly a meadow, then you re probably right. I m doing that in a garden for a decade or more, and we have a mix of grass and wildflowers and weeds , with abundant biodiversity.
NixOS seems like a natural fit for building containers maybe for hosting them, too, eventually NixOS has support for hosting containers, which share the Nix store with the host, so they re presumably pretty lightweight.I ve tried running NixOS in VMs, using Nix on Ubuntu, orchestrating things with NixOps, etc. and found that it s much more painful than just installing NixOS on the bare metal and managing everything via etc nixos configuration.nix
Decision trees are a learning system, and like all other tools, it has pros and cons. They are designed for state spaces where data can be easily divided up at each branching point, thus, they do not handle stochastic domains very well compared to something like a Bayesian network.There is no silver bullet in data mining machine learning.
Why is the picture of Sutjeska war memorial in the article?
Agreed! I think this is becoming even more important as the barriers to building software products shrink.Every day, there are dozens of products being launched on ProductHunt - many of them without code.The easy distribution channels are being flooded.
Find a company that does SAFE.
Anything that would make a fun ASIC could be turned into an FPGA project. Something like Ben Eater s GPU project, which he did on a breadboard, could be implemented on them, or you could make a toy CPU with RISC-V, or create a softcore faster than a software-simulated, slower than actual hardware version of any number of older processors.Edit Link to Ben s GPU project
so because child porn and not-child-porn are both stored and transmitted as bytestreams from a hosting company s servers, you can t actually draw a distinction between them? is that where we re landing on this one? Playing opera on my stereo isn t a morality question, I m just creating vibrations in the air, and I should not have to care what interpretations of those vibrations can exist when I play it at 4am with the dial cranked to 11 can you see how playing semantic games to try to dodge responsibility for poor behavior can be irritating even in the best of circumstances?
Does anyone get the feeling that Facebook friendlies are monitoring posts like this one and steering the conversation?Yes, other CEOs may have made similar statements, but they didn t volunteerily give millions of customers data to unscrupulous partners because that s clearly wrong to do. It s the statement with the action that s enlightening, not just the statement.The lack of any sense of right and wrong within FB s leadership is astounding.
The current owners just do some extra paperwork that asserts the original papertrail that was lost, basically that s it. The downside is that it usually results in a significantly lower sale price if you try to sell down the road because there is a risk of contested ownership that will result in legal fees or losing the property very rare . I did work for what I later learned were shady real estate escrow companies some years back, maybe it changed since then.
the information had a great article on Uber s finances recently. One of the stats cited was from an internal Uber study that said moving to a fleet of self driving cars would only achieve a 5-10 profit margin for the company.
best guess is VW is particularly unpopular on this forum due to dieselgate. your comment would probably get voted back up eventually if you hadn t mentioned the downvotes though.
Rare Earth Why Complex Life is Uncommon in the Universe by Ward and Brownlee is a fantastic read on the subject.
Sure but the article isn t talking about a git server. It s talking about replacing Github with Gitlab which is a fully integrated developer workflow tool with code review functionality. They use Git server a lot in the article, but the opening and closing both specifically mention a Github replacement.
Fairly rich coming from an account where all it does is call others hacks.
I hope that soon a duress fingerprint option is implemented the simplest way is that you enroll one finger to be your duress finger. When you scan that one, the phone will require a password to unlock it even if rebooted
Monadic error handling like in ML work-alikes, Rust etc. would be a good start. Adopt been talking to the local Go user group. No one even knows about that concept. This continues a pattern of general ignorance lack of looking beyond one s horizon I ve noticed.
Depends on what you do with the saved medication.If you get 5 day subscription stop on day 3, then take the rest next week that s bad.
Yeah, I should figure out how to test the entropy of this and add that to the site.
Forcing users to default settings actually, they would happily remove about config if they could.
Some prior art, from the 90s
With all respects, why is that comment either a at all credible, or b informative? It is by an anonymous person at some nebulous middleware company not a description I would ascribe to someone concerned with Android GPUs... .The problem with this discussion -- it is ostensibly an iOS versus Android discussion, as if developers have the luxury of just developing for iOS and the market will follow hint ha! Android made most of its gains when there little to no apps for it. Apps like Netflix and others followed but didn t lead. Now you could fill your day trying out new games and apps -- is that there are a lot of very, very strongly biased individuals and parties, and the discussion gets completely crowded out by what often ends up being bullshit though it takes a lot of legwork and endless excluding to actually discern that . What I like to see are specifics, but they are shockingly hard to come by. Lots of vagaries and second-hand accounts of profound all-encompassing difficulties, but never specifics that could be vetted, if only to offer a fix or different approach.In this case of the linked story the vendors used Unity 3D -- why they were even writing specific shaders double shocking given that their top-down sprite graphics, if I am understanding their apps right, are the most bog standard shaders going is a mystery.
Depends on the time you want the virtual shutter to be open. I agree with you it can get excessive if it gets too pronounced, but a long blur is also a visual indication a character jumped more than one line during the virtual screen refresh virtual, because we want it to look consistent, regardless of refresh rate . It should also disappear before the characters settle into their grid.I m a cinema person, so, for me, 24 fps is the right framerate for everything.
That s what I don t understand. The parties are at each others throats, even physically. I think the majority of both parties support reform and or single payer. It seems like such an easy political win, even if not an easily solvable problem.
Only using some centralized and opaque corrupt additions to the blockchain some rights can be maybe transferredHmmm... centralized and opaque corrupt. So like a traditional bank?
I wonder if this has anything to do with ..... ..........?
haha, yea RVM is an amazing tool. I m working on creating a tutorial for setting up your local machine to have it ready to start working on RoR. I just need to do a little more research about the best ways to do it for Windows since that is an OS I m not to familiar with.
?
I m glad someone mentioned this. The tacit acceptance of physical violence in prisons is so widespread in our society.It s weird because a comment like these executives deserve to be raped as punishment would be considered disgusting and unfunny frankly, you d probably be made a social pariah for saying something like that. That statement is morally equivalent to the pounding in the ass prison statement, which is far more socially acceptable.I genuinely think it s something that future generations will look back upon in horror.
I ve observed the exact opposite. Python teams are much slower to ship features than Go teams once the codebase grows to a nontrivial size.
I heard something similar credited to Peter Drucker. There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
I can t recall the expedition or details, but on one artic adventure documentary I watched a while back one of the participants took too long for a number 2 30s , and his free hand sans gloves become frostbitten so badly that he had to quit. He was kicking himself over a noob mistake.
If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck...Linux may not be UNIX, but it is Unix.
I m surprised to hear this. In my experience at UC Berkeley , my professors at least the EECS ones are at the forefront of their field. For example, in my NLP class, some of the papers we read are from our professor Klein et al 2010 . They are anything but behind the times.
I m sure this reads as very cynical, but a lot of the replies here seem to be written by people who do not like music, or don t place much value in it.
I think we are destined to agree to disagree. Evidence has shown that people will be economically coerced into contracts, or are not educated enough to understand the consequences of the contract gig drivers not knowing how little they re making and the social services currently do not exist to protect them, nor are they likely to be spun up.Sure, journalists get the short end of the stick, as well as gig workers who don t need the income and just want to do it part time. Edge cases are unfortunate.
which plausibly has far more precision than a float32 - 1e-45 to 3.4e38. granted, roughly half of that is between -1 and 1.When we worked with low power silicon, much of the optimization was running with minimal headroom - no point railing the bits 0 1 when .4 .6 will do just fine. Additionally, you can e.g. wire two values directly together rather than loading numbers into an ALUYou may want an adder. Wiring two circuit outputs directly together makes them fight, which is usually bad for signals.
If that solves the problem with 95 of the cases, the government would deem that good enough I suppose. It s a much better outcome for them than a good encryption by default.With the price of enforcement going down due to the digitalization of our lives and better LLMs we ll see a lot of enforcement in the future.
Joking about how html6 should be p,a,li,h,span only I googled it. And some people are pretty serious about a massive future version
Reminds me of attending a concert around 2009. We were chilling to the pre-set tracks, my date started fiddling with Shazam on her iPhone. I walked back to the sound booth and asked.My method delivered.
A good PM doesn t have to know the differences, but should understand that mixing encryption protocols is going to break things. Ideally an eng lead would be flagging these issues.
It honestly feels like some of the mods are on a power trip. Some claims questions are dupes of unrelated question presumably they didn t bother reading them , vote to close within seconds of posting etc.It used to be great to be part of SO. No, any time I ask a question I wonder if it s going to survive...
Sometimes after a DNSSEC outage, DNSSEC fans will say see, this is exactly the kind of attack DNSSEC protects us from! Except there was no attack, just a misconfiguration easy to do with DNSSEC .
If you re going to exclude bad faith answers, I think you should exclude all of them. But I don t think you can do that. Is HTHTHTHTHT a bad faith answer? Always or only sometimes? We re trying to infer the test subject s intent from their answer, and that s fundamentally impossible I think.I think including all answers is a solid approach. If test subjects have bad faith, I think that can be filed under less random . If old test subjects show more bad faith, I think it s not really wrong to say older people are less random. And it does have predictive power.Arbitrarily because they is no way to do it subjectively excluding some answers and not others has, I think, a greater risk of skewing the results.
how is this different from ABC? .What s your answer to this? I d expect a pretty good range is possible without any changes to product, from you get support direct from the engineer and CEO? to Can ABC do this...? Related to the pitching or communications aspect, is it really a clone, or is it a clone-if-you-ignore-the-various-details? Those are way different.Do you support charities, do you have a cuter mascot, do you regularly integrate direct client feedback, do you send out a mixtape every year?Hang in there, define your goals, it really sounds to me like you are already done being awesome and are poking at legendary, wondering where the back door is. Could be really great from here, or it could be that this is more like a side gig to support your full set of life interests...
10k a month is a sustainable full-time job for a senior developer once you factor in health insurance and the additional 7.65 self-employment tax.I prefer this model for opensource software. We get an awesome product and he gets enough money to sustain himself while maintaining it. Seems like a fair deal for all.
Nice, creates corporation in tax havens to maximize tax dodging, files for bankruptcy in country that can actually put disgruntled debt owners to task. Good ol capitalism.
dead
I saw a post on HN yesterday, someone from the bay area looking for interns. So just look around And good luck on your new journey!
Why do you believe that Hacker News website looks like shit? What, specifically, do you object to?
A company I work with are looking into using TrueVault s document store to keep PHI off of our servers, however TrueVault still does not fulfil the requirements of our application. More specifically multiple document get document search.Other than that, the team over at TrueVault is extremely friendly, reasonable and nice to work with.
Please keep in mind that there is an ocean-sized gulf between Manning did in fact leak classified material that he should not have and everything the U.S. military and government have ever done is A-OK .This is also a common refrain among some of Manning s supporters, but I try to treat people and arguments on their own merits. The enemy of my enemy is not necessarily my friend.
I m confused by sf. They did this for Uber in 2016, Amazon s zoox, and a host of other companies, etc.Tesla has a safety record that s not unimpressive compared to the 36k people who die every year even though their failures have been more public and newsworthy. Their stats have been relatively objective.We also have a framework for this there is a framework in place already, shouldn t we push forward? As long as we are reducing the statistical risk of driving below the risk of human drivers, shouldn t that be the litmus for whether these programs are allowed to progress? I know I am being simplistic, and I understand that no statistical model will ever make up for the loss of a family member, the generally accepted foundation for the morality of self-driving car technologies hinges on whether they can beat the human-driven statistical equivalent.If there is concern about that they shouldn t continue. But if there isn t, these experiments should progress as they could ultimately reduce mortality.There were 3,723 deaths in California in 2020. The lifetime odds of dying in a motor-vehicle crash for a person born in 2019 were 1 in 107. These odds suck. Is that really acceptable? Can we do better? We know we can. If we can reduce that number we should.If we can t, we should restrict this technology s rollout until it can.Am I overly objective?I m not an expert.I mean ultimately I want legislation built on objective data and loving values with human compassion at the core. I feel like sometimes we see these decisions based on how fast the system can adapt the ocean of existing automotive and roadway regulatory compliance to the technology changes, rather than new realities. People have no idea how much the books and legal cases that many cal trans engineers have spent their lives developing stand in the way of self-driving vehicles. I honestly think the biggest issue is probably the legal a s regulatory overhead of responding to the technology rather than the technology itself, but since it s so hard to quantify I don t often bring this up. But the biggest passion I have seen if from those same engineering minds, who truly understand the complexity, but also want to see it happen. Their timeframes are just long. I ve heard 2045 and 2050.Anyone more expert than I care to weigh in? I d love to learn more. I am not trying to weigh in with any merit I am a nubile entrant and simply sharing the output of conversation with people who will always be more qualified and I, but I d love to learn more about this.
I completely agree.If a company treats the people involved in its business relationships as cheap, expendable commodities - the company is not going to shine.
sweet... may check it out to see if I can get what I need for my baseline scripts that currently use Chocolatey.
I was fortunate that, at the beginning of the pandemic when such things were essentially unavailable, to have a high-end external Logitech webcam. I had bought it a few years earlier for a project that ended up not panning out.I subsequently set up my DSLR as a webcam but, while it worked, it s more trouble than it s worth for most purposes. I do use it for video sometimes but the webcam is just more foolproof for day-to-day conferencing use.
How does Kubernetes handle updates safely?It supports rolling updates where one pod this means container, usually is updated at a time, with traffic being sent to other pods during that time.I think the best practice right now is to use a Deployment alternatively you can initiate a rolling update manually . Using a deployment makes updates as simple as kubectl patch ... .It does require a load balancer, which varies from platform to platform. In AWS, I assume it uses an ELB. On premise, you might use contrib service-loadbalancer haproxy .
I would encourage you to post that as a separate submission, since I have so many questions shows nothing
Marketing scripts often are invasive, wanting to run before all other scripts or overriding event clickhandlers.For me it kind of feels you need some runtime and DSL to enable all requirements in web. And Google Tag Manager isn t it.I m not saying we should go back to XML and XSLT but some separation of concerns would help data, display, events, animation.
Luma s cinematic stabilization performs much better than Nokia s optical stabilizer in daylight. As sensors get better more light sensitive, higher resolution , the advantages of optical stabilizers will diminish even further and eventually disappear. Disclosure I cofounded Luma .
Well, of COURSE as soon as I say we made it faster, we screw something up. It s some kind of blogging rule.
No, AFAIK the students were informed that it was a glitch. No webcam LED was circumvented.
One topic was Windows programming. I got Petzold s Programing Windows book and nearly read it cover to cover on my break, going page by page and running and reviewing the sample programs provided. I learned a lot about Windows programming and really enjoyed the read.I stopped writing Windows programs when Petzold stopped doing new editions of Programming Windows . I m not actually sure whether or not what was covered in his last one, Windows 8 using C and XAML, still works on Windows 10 and 11, or if it does whether or not that is all you need.
There is substantial research in porn addiction, some psychologists even define stages of this addiction. It may be included in future psychiatric disorder manuals it seems like addiction is reinforced by the negative social attitudes towards sex i want what is forbidden taboo , which is really a vicious cycle. Rationally speaking, porn shouldn t even exist a dog never has to pay for it .
I also get asked this questions if I buy gift cards at the supermarket or pharmacy these days. They have to unlock the card at their computer, so they ask if it s really for a gift or if it s some shady person on the phone.If you watched Kitboga videos on Youtube, you know scammers often ask for gift cards as payment.
That s why I ended the post by saying this was a personal experience. I just wanted to make the point that it certainly appeared like Microsoft was better prepared to cope with this situation and it also seemed that it was due to a more mature internship program. I loved working for both companies and there will definitely be pro-Google posts in the future -
Each? It looks like total. 15k each, not much of a fine
Ironically, if we built a lord-of-the-flies society based on child morality we ll have an arbitrary concentration of power that ll make our IP rules look like a picnic.
Any nonprofit applicants out there? We d love to hear about you!
I think it s tricky to quantify a lot of opioid use is illegal, and that aspect undoubtedly alters things.
Takes time and money. NVIDIA has been tossing money and PhDs at this for over a decade
If your threat model includes an abusive partner, then it has to include physical and authorised access, device replacement, device replacement with completely different hardware... basically, this is woefully insufficient.
I agree completely.
donate to losing political candidatesIs donating to political candidates that common? It sounds pretty odd.
My feeling is that there s a relatively small subset of programmers who adapt well to unification inference, and they think the way you do - they grok the logical problem the inference engine is trying to solve, and don t worry at all about how it does it.There is a larger set of programmers who try to understand it and run into, well, stuff like this hope you re not seriously suggesting that this content is on the same intellectual level as, say, a good RFC.A good RFC in fact works very hard to be as stupid as possible, and one source of irritation from the RFC-producing world to the PDF-producing world - so to speak - is that the PDF-producing world doesn t seem to even understand that they have this job, much less are making any particular effort to do it.The way people should understand the Hoon type inference engine is to think about the concrete reality of what it s doing, not the abstract mathematical problem it s trying to solve. This is simply because human beings aren t very good as a species at mathematics. Hate that that s true, but that it is true I don t think anyone can deny.
I graduated with a mechanical engineering degree, meaning I took 3 semesters worth of Calc and 3 more semesters worth of differential equations. So I m not one to hate on math or calculus specifically. But I think high schools should focus more on statistics.Statistics is relevant to more fields than calc. It matters a lot more in business and in all the jobs where you use calc you will also have to use statistics. It s also useful for citizens to understand statistics better - and educating citizens is truly one of the purposes of public education.
Even the cheapest midi keyboards are velocity-sensitive. Weighting is nice, but the choice isn t between button-presses and expression.
House of Cards started it all highly recommend watching it if you have not.Chewing Gum is a recent favorite of mine.
I ve assembled an Iris 2.1 for someone before. Can do.
This guy deserves it. The Culture series is a fantastic work, I wish he could have finished it he stated last year that he figured around 3 or 4 more books would cap the series . And, while I loved the Culture series, his other sci-fi was often as good, or better.If you love sci-fi, and for some reason you haven t heard of this guy, do yourself a favor and read a couple of his books.
Have you use Delphi?yes, though I have to admit the last version I did use was Delphi 7. What did you find lacking from Qt ?
Different people value different things, believe me or not, there are people who don t care about WFH.When applying for jobs, you should negotiate for the things that you value. It doesn t make sense to require all employers to offer WFH when it is only your personal employer in the end who matters. There was WFH jobs before COVID, like there are onsite jobs now, and there will be always jobs for both purposes.
anyone been of the impression that keystrokes in an address bar are not publicThey shouldn t be. Logs containing URLs are commonly considered private information, and while it s a bad practice to put passwords, etc. in the URLs, people still do it, and even more often things like tokens, keys, object IDs etc. are part of the URLs. Disclosing this to a third party is essentially a MITM attack, and even though we re talking only about user input, this still includes stuff like URLs copies from emails, terminals, documentation files, etc. - and those may contain very un-public thing. Simplest example - do you consider the password reset URL many sites send to be public or private? Of course, not many people would type it - but people would copy-paste it and then maybe type something else - and who can guarantee the whole URL isn t then sent to an untrusted party?
If your family invested tremendous amount to raise you and send you to a good school, is it bad that they want you to be successful 0 ? 0 I think part of the issue is that in U.S. success is judged by how much money you have.
If you use Chrome, then Amp is your fault. You gave an advertising company control of the Web.
and start managing the agents working on code ... you need new toolsJira?Only slightly joking. It really sounds like we re moving in the direction of engineers being a more precise technical version of a PM, but then engineers could just learn to speak business and we don t need PMs.
Now this will get dragged down to what can and cannot be considered the true Left I won t discuss China, the Soviet Union, Che Guevara where is that quote from, btw? or anything of the sort here. It simply is not possible or suitable to debate this in a forum like hackernews. Call it a cop out if you want However, I ll say I disagree with your fundamental assertion, that the Left is willing to tolerate open racism when it suits their needs. Racism stands directly against what the Left stands for. Of course corrupted leftist movements, often leftist in name only, are free to forget leftist ideals, just as religious organizations sometimes forget their founding principles.But let me place emphasis on this if a leftist movement turns racist, this is a serious contradiction that must be pointed out. If a rightwing movement is racist, there is no contradiction and its intended audience will applaud it racism and discrimination are cornerstones of rightwing thought. It is a mistake for a leftist movement to tolerate a racist ally when it would temporarily help heir cause, but this is never a mistake for a rightwing movement because racism is often part of its core ideology.By this definition, which I think is mainstream, it s impossible to consider the Nazis a far left movement. I believe there is an ideological intent to conflate the two extremes, left and right, which says less about them than about the people doing the conflating...
The US can t build the F35 either, considering all the cost overruns, delays, basic issues found late in the project.
The AlphaZero for LLMs search is GPT-f, which most recently did
Replacing some meat with veggies, flax seeds, and olive oil can help cost-wise. Trader Joes has olive oil from about 7 a liter.
Your flow seems to make Alt-tabbing impossible? That s a pretty big part of most programmers flow!Admittedly on Mac, which you must be using, you can alt tab between apps I think.
Ephemeral messages and electronic communications are two incompatible things.
That s literally what the slide says. Your guess is as good as mine, and my guess is that there s an extra word, generate
Yes, but one fought with clubs not bullets
Maybe I didn t read far enough, didn t think a book about souls could be atheist.
This included Google trying to extort absurd sums for FRAND patents.I don t see how Google gets a free pass because that was its wholly-owned Motorola Mobility when Apple Microsoft RIM etc don t get a free pass because Rockstar is an independent entity.
In no specific order or magnitude.1. After or during a tutorial to make a silly easy project to perform synthesis after I learn how to do something. Or using a tutorial and then basing my idea off of that.2. Understanding when and how to do incremental changes.3. Understanding the reason of source control and learning a git, subversion and CVS.4. Learning Python.6. Learning lisp7. Emacs and org-mode
Object lifetime is a much more important factor than class size for most server request response style processing.Typically there are three lifetimes for objects in server processes. Those that are allocated around startup and are never deallocated those that are allocated per-request and become garbage once the response goes out and lifetimes that span multiple requests, like objects in caches.The first are normally ultra-cheap to collect with a generational GC, you simply don t scan them at all, because they haven t changed.The second group, per-request, are also fairly cheap to collect. Every so often, you GC the youngest generation, and you only need to keep track of references in registers and on the stack. Ideally many requests will have occurred between collections, and the only objects that get kept alive are objects that are in-flight for the current request. And this is why you need at least three generations you really don t want to have to scan the oldest generation to collect these ephemeral objects after they ve built up over a number of youngest generation collections.It s the third group that kills you. You can save on the cost of scanning the whole heap, using write barriers to track new roots buried in the oldest generation but that adds accounting costs, and eventually overtakes the cost of a whole heap GC. These guys can also cause the fragmentation you re worried about - they need to be compacted down, copied possibly multiple times. On the CLR, last time I checked, you need a full gen2 GC in order to get rid of them, as they ve likely survived a gen1 collection.With these guys, it s worthwhile doing the big object thing. In fact, it may be worthwhile not having any GC heap storage for them at all, and refer to them using different techniques, like ephemeral keys that look up in Redis, or native pointers stored in statically allocated arrays.In app servers I ve designed, I ve never seen GC CPU usage over 5 or so, even with heavy usage of tiny short-lived objects. But you need to care about lifetime.
There ils also an issue with making different cars from different car makers cooperate efficiently. When an accident can t be avoided, involved cars would need to share info and processing power to behave optimaly and act as master and slaves.
No, that s not the explanation for tipping.Those reduced minimum wages are justified because the jobs include tipping.The reason you tip your waiter is ostensibly because it creates a direct incentive for better service, by leaving some of the compensation up to the customer.Let s not have a bunch of replies that ignore my caveat please.
DoubleClick is now part of Google and DoubleClick has a terrible record with promises and privacy. In the 1990s, DoubleClick said that they wouldn t associate off-line profiles with on-line profiles. They lied.DoubleClick and Google were very prolific with webbugs before their merger. The latter is in the form of Google Analytics. They re probably the most prolific now that they re combined. And they wouldn t do it unless they thought that the data was valuable.
On agricultural issues be careful about making assumptions.I was talking about the labels on fruits you know, those labels you just peel off so you don t eat them with someone who knew about this sort of thing . I ignorantly said that s gotta be a low-margin business. He said, Actually, it s a high-margin business. If you get a monopoly in some market that s very difficult to enter, you ve got yourself a steady cash flow. I don t think repairing tractors out in the middle of nowhere is a very easy one to get into.
Could you elaborate on this? Would love to get an insight into the differences you re talking about. That s not to say I don t notice any differences but I struggle to see the multitude of tiny differences that, on aggregate, would make genuine and appreciable positive difference to how I work.
It is magical thinking to think the government can stop a truly revolutionary technology. No, the technology will change the government, not the other way around. AI is not the internet, not the mobile phone, not social media, it is the printing press, it is the horse.The roman empire and its legions were replaced by feudal kingdoms and knights. The knights, armed with massive improvements in horse-breeding, saddles and horseshoes, became massively more powerful than previous types of soldiers. 500 knights, plus 10000 peasants, would have demolished a roman legion of 10000 expert and well paid soldiers.Thus knights became their own social class, trained in warfare since childhood. Civilian based militaries absolutely could not compete, so societies moved away from imperial bureaucracies, into aristocratic courts.AI will be the same. People who use AI intensely, will be far more productive than those who don t, and don t think politicians will be able to stop this. Trump merely mastered social media, and it made him the president, you have no idea how powerful a politician who fully exploits AI will be.AI should be regulated, and people s livelihoods should be compensated to an extent. But if you think society can live without AI , then you ll soon find a changed society that can live without you. The rude reckoning will come for the people who think they can just regulate or ignore AI away, the wise know there s no turning back, and its time to surf the tsunami, for good or bad.
I think this is true for very lethal viruses that have risk of killing host before spreading.For virus that can spread before any symptoms and long after symptoms disappear and survive so long on the objects and in the air I think there will be no evolutionary pressure to get milder.And we can get harsher version just by random chance because this virus is so infectious that it has a lot of leniency whether and when to kill the host.
The post above is in the same style as the founders of the project see
Middle-class white women also suffer the Karens. They might suffer less on a per-encounter basis but they have lots more encounters with Karens so it might even out.If you haven t suffered the Karens, you might be a Karen...When could society ever be characterized by an ethos of let s tolerate people ? ISTM that now anyone might receive for criticism for objectionable behavior, not just poor black young men.
I know nothing about palaeontology. Can you give an example of unfalsifiable claim of palaeontology?Yes, classical physics is a simplification, but it is a _falsifiable_ simplification, unlike the utility maximizer.Note that falsifiability has nothing to do with making experiments.
Appreciate the beta on climbing sites!To be honest, I m a relative newcomer to the climbing world. I ve been at it for a year, and still haven t found a news site or forum that is as addictive as HN.Re offwidth climbers -- Nope, not really. Do they have a reputation for thrutching?
My first job involved CORBA in Java. Tomcat was better, I guess.
For those criticizing Warren s tweet remember that the idea that the first amendment applies to companies is a legal doctrine that was created in the 20th century edit specifically in a couple of Supreme Court cases in 1975 and 1976 , not something inherent to the constitution. Saying that it s not Amazon s place to participate in politics is a view that I think most of her constituents would share.
Wow that is more than double the retail price. You usually find them new for 1300. Alternatively, you could look into a used GPD Win 2 Released End of 2018 . In my area, I find them for 350 used.
This gets a Cowboy application up and running, but it doesn t tell you what to do to write your own Cowboy application, and doesn t give you a very firm understanding of either how the hello_world example works, or how to modify it to suit your needs.As someone who s been down this road in the past, unless you re already rather familiar with Erlang and OTP s conventions, the gap between the User s Guide and the API documentation is far too large to make connecting information you learn from one with information you learn from the other easy.I ve summarized my personal struggle with the Cowboy user s guide and documentation in my other comment in the thread. Please read that comment before you downvote this one.
Oh, when I look at the way comments get voted on round here, that becomes quickly apparent. Thanks for the reminder.
So I m wiring up 200A of resistive heaters and trying to net my monthly power usage by making Australia even hotter insofarasmuchas that s possible with 48kW of space heaters. Seems fun.
I m not sure what your point is.
Nobody doubts the future will be flying carsLots of people do.
10s of millions of people in US think that Wash Post is colluding with coup orchestrators, trying to overthrow constitutionally elected US president.With the above sentiment, giving Wash Post owner a 10 bln dollar Gov contract for work with military -- would have be borderline absurd. It is difficult to separate these types of discussion from political bias of commenters, but you would have to create your own views if you do not have them already For pro-president, anti-Coup views on the topic, search for To find some examples of Wash Post collusion with the coup crowd, just use - Washington Post forced to correct - Washington Post fabricated in non-Google non-Yahoo search engines.- Washington post Covington no apology - Washington post sandbagged
memes aside, why not both?
I ve proposed this before big question would be how to propagate submissions and comments between communities. Especially if each community develops its own unique character. I ve thought about organizing each community onto branches of a B-tree and letting upvoted submissions move up the tree, though my intuition says that this might not scale, as one community might overpower the rest.Anyway it would be interesting if someone builds it.
What are the most affordable GPUs that will run this? it said it needs CUDA, min 11GB VRAM, so I guess my relatively puny 4GB 570RX isn t going to cut it!
It s true that the business is governed by power laws at every level and you can t ignore those and succeed. I hope that doesn t prevent people from still being decent to each other.
That s true unless you get acquired. At that point, your title is what your new overlords will use to determine your role, salary, and even whether to lay you off.
The Reddit karma algorithm is already a black box, so there s not much harm in making it more complex, thus Measure the general up-votiness of each sub, and scale cross-sub karma based on this value. A 100 post on a sub with 1000 members on a technical topic where people tend to downvote for minor errors is worth way more than a 1000 post on a fast-moving sub that s mostly reposted memes.
macOS on ARM is still tier 2 and not tier 1?Not related to this but I think Julia is too ambitious too succeed, at least in a normal timeframe. Languages like Rust and even Python managed to improve a lot more compared to their goals than Julia compared to the goal a modern language, a modern top edge research level scientific library rewritten from scratch .I enjoy the community that is backing it, really, but there is still no solid core. A lot of research level cool functions and algorithms, yes. But you still suffer from lagginess, inexact calculations and language idiosyncrasies. In short too much dispersion and divergence in this project. It s almost like this language was designed by academics...
there s no earthly way that the employer has any rights over your work in this manner, assuming you can prove it s never opened during business hours. They may, however, have a claim against you for the cost of the electricity.
Near misses are great for reminding us to check our back ups I d advise against using email for sending the actual backups as there s quite a few security risks and a lot of technical things that could catch you out over time e.g. hitting size limits as your database grows .As an alternative you could use a secure upload to a remote location for transferring the backup file and then email yourself on any failures.
I was in college when the bars in my college town went smoke free. It was noticeable how all of a sudden I didn t feel like my night needed to end with a shower just because I went out and didn t want to lay in bed smelling like an ashtray. So yeah, well before the hug.
It doesn t really matter who said or misunderstood what, does it? I don t mean this as a personal attack but your comment is devoid of content.
The youtube video of the Multimodal analysis of a video is insane, imagine feeding in movies or tv shows and being able to autosummary or find information about them dynamically, how the hell is all this possible already? AI is moving insanely fast.
Do you know if I can use Firefox in multiple identities . E.g. with chrome I use two windows with different colored themes, one for personal, one for work account. Each has their own tab history and stuff.I like Firefox but didn t find this feature.
There s lots of cellular modems that only requires a serial port uart connection. I think espressif sdk supports AT commands for them.
So the account is there ready to be hacked. Paypal is for these groups 1 criminals2 princes in Nigeria3 people too lazzy - to setup a merchant account.
It s clean but I feel it looks too much like netflix. Suggestion Put the black splotch on red effect to one or both of the sides.
If I were to predict the future, I d say we will see a move away from focusing on passive measures such as reduction in carbon emissions to active measures pretty quickly as the passive stuff is not fast enough.Telling people they will collapse under the heat now while increasing taxes etc. for a long-term agenda will not work well in most societies...
I don t know about this specifically, but my guess is that when loans are cheap it is much easier to perform a leveraged buyout taking out a loan on the assets of the company being acquired.
Matt Cutts is completely aware of everything Mahalo does, if from nothing else than the constant threads on HN.
You know the charity, you know the person. If they are using the account at all in the business of their job at the charity, simply call their immediate supervisor and ask them to please stop abusing your service.You could also twist the knife a bit and suggest that maybe they could have a free account donated if they just stop abusing the trial accounts, submit a polite written request and then provide a receipt. Which you can write off as a charitable donation. Situation resolved, scumbag humiliated, good deed done, tax write off included.
It s simply that the people doing the development only get to use VBA. Not that having a chemical engineer teach themself C over their lunch break is going to turn out great software...Having worked at a big company as a mechanical engineer and produced a few crappy VBA apps, I did it because it would take significantly more time and effort to get approval for an IT project, than to learn VBA and do it myself.
I definitely share the concerns thoughts around open core and keeping too many features closed source here it s a very difficult thing for companies to figure out what the right balance is for public closed-source features. There s never a correct balance that satisfies everyone but the best we can do is deliberate which features would be more individual team-oriented and which would be more enterprise-oriented to be charged.In terms of Infisical, this is honestly something we re still figuring out as we re mapping out our roadmap ahead We try to get feedback from our community in thinking about this since we all contribute to the codebase also do feel free to suggest what you think would be appropriate .And yea thanks for the suggestion regarding product comparisons with competitors. We have that on the TODO list in addition to other tasks all related to enriching product information like providing more granular product pricing breakdowns!
hired and based admissions on pure skill ability talentThis would be great, but I will present without comment the fact that lots of large universities are suddenly getting rid of standardized-test-based admissions, which is by far the best way that we know how to do ability-based admissions.You must understand the dynamics behind that decision to understand why it isn t currently legally institutionally feasible to have merit-based admission.
It still manages to be poor UX when reading the book it has already trained me to navigate by flipping forward, so if I actually want to go to the previous page I ll just flip backwards. When I want to exit the book to the previous page I was on I ll try the back button, but of course that doesn t work. Personally this went against my expectations - I think it s because I associate the back button as the counter to navigation through links, which the page flip gesture doesn t feel like. Flipping the page rather feels like changing the state of an object presented on a single page.
Schemas and includes are great features, but you will have to defend the syntax hill on your own - imo the syntax is neither human nor machine friendly
Windows used to have a little search box in the taskbar. All they needed back then was a better bing.
High intelligence is nowhere closed to be the most important factor to be successful in our society, gene propagation wise. Or being happy. It s merely a tool.
Cameron called for the referendum in the hope of shutting up the eurosceptics in his own party forever. At the time it was not a bad idea, given that literally nobody believed that the leave vote could win.
Recently there was a thread on that topic on the TUHS mailing list - including a story about exploding one -
The results don t seem very interesting. The highlighted results are just generic vlogs. The highlighted GPT-3 video was just someone sitting ina chair reading text.
IIRC the xfiles episode was a parody, the lazurus pot wasn t real. And the recovered audio of Jesus was him saying I am the walrus. .
I ve been told by so many fellow Israelis this myth about taking the wrong turn in the West Bank, and, frankly it s a myth that hides the real problem, which is the occupation.So, you re not actually a local, but you think that you know better about what s a myth and what s not? I shouldn t be surprised.
First of all, take a look at Cargo.toml for the list of dependencies repeat recursively. Projects like xsv and ripgrep are modular, with many components that others can and do reuse.Second, lines of code hardly gives any but the roughest idea of how hard something would be to write, and write well.Third, interesting that you re not counting the test cases after all, if you re not doing any static typing, surely you ll want more tests...Fourth, hey, as long as you re getting rid of the static typing nonsense you might as well drop the error handling and comments while you re at it. More seriously, though, type signatures and similar are hardly a significant part of the lines of code of the average Rust program.But in any case, you ve already seen the replies elsewhere in the thread inviting you to try if you feel confident you can do so. You don t like putting on a show for a crowd? It s one of the funnest things.You re certainly showing the crowd something about yourself. Whether it s what you re intending is another question.If you want to write a replacement or alternative for a tool, especially as an exercise in learning something, by all means do it s a fun pastime. You don t need to dismiss someone else s work or choice of language in the process.
This is a great bit of insight that most don t get. I ll be making a total cost of ownership site soon to show how all of these details affect true cost of a car.
The point of polymorphic variants is that the entire type doesn t have to be fully defined in one place you can have partial definitions in a module and those definitions can even overlap. You can have say Int of int String of string in one module and String of string Char of char in another, and the typechecker will handle intersections and unions of these types.
there is it s called a bunch of folks at twitter doing manual drudge work who elon thought were unnecessary
And those are valid critique. I m sorry - my prior response was harsh now I m reading it again.We all like to critizice things that offend our sense of aesthetics. But criticism always hurts the author. It s ok if it hurts if it is valid critique. And the only way to get understood is to be explicit.
Naïve algorithms on immutable data structurs tend to have very bad worst case performance.
If it was a laser microphone or any microphone that used EM energy to monitor someone it would require so much energy that you would not only melt whatever you pointed it at but also probably break it.
True. Looks like only 81 people took it in 5 years. IEEE also seems to offer a certification.In any case, software engineering seems to be considered a legitimate engineering discipline.
Announces , yes releases , no. The Google Play Store offers only a pre-register button. Yet it has 4.9 stars already.Looking forward to seeing an analysis of the protocol. Does it go through Google servers, or is it really peer to peer? How does the end to end encryption work? How are the keys generated and exchanged? Do the servers have the keys? Are you sure?
I wasn t born with high self worth. My mom was a teenage single mother, I was put in special education classes throughout school, and I ended up dropping out at 16. I thought I was worthless.On the plus side, being so marginalized, I had absolutely no respect for the established order. I knew I was never going to win the game according to other people s rules, so I just followed my heart. It turns out that strategy works really well if commit to it fully and you stick with it long enough.
has any of the recent attempts to the moon given us footage of the lunar lander and other machinery that was left behind from the prior missions?Yes, e.g. LRO launched in 2009 this would easily put the conspiracy theories to bedno, you are dealing with people who nit pick data, rejecting anything that does not support their position as falsified.Attempts at reasoning are in my experience often met with emotion and ad hominem responses e.g. the classic comparison to species of Ovis . Logic does not apply here.
I miss Flash. I know it had big issues but this stuff makes for some hard livin .
I came to a very similar conclusion while writing I cannot compete with the big boys by myself but by empowering developers with a community and an API designed to support the website theme in my case coupling streaming content with social engagements you have a platform that has a chance of competing.
...and the next version gets an extra 5 of shielding per dog and so is made completely immune to even a H-bomb EMP. at a 5000 markup, but who s counting?
It is sad that in a place with so many developers this would happen. Especially sad to see that attitude prevail even with some developers comments in there about now we can t have fora anymore without a large team .I m sure that s just one of the costs associated with this, and yet it seems to me it s a clear loss. And what do we gain ? Also, GDPR is not restricted to EU users .I m sure you can understand why having laws with even pretend global reach is a huge, huge problem given the people who make laws. Let s leave the discussion of which countries are or aren t problematic there, but let me just state that the problem is you re unlikely to agree with large dictatorships or religiously run countries laws. That s why laws shouldn t have global reach.The big problem police has with the internet in general is that it allows for things to be synchronized, and they can t easily block it. That it allows anything from going out with a lot of people, to protests, vandals ... and, yes, terrorists and I m sure other criminals too to be as organized as the police is. They can t deal with that is the simple explanation.But to totally sacrifice free speech for this is entirely out of proportion. This is not a good way to strike a balance and that s why this law needs to be stopped.Also, the police ... out of the 30 police services that interpol represents, I assure you, there will be a lot that are outright stupid, yet more that just don t care about the effect of what they do, and one or two that are outright malicious. These people can t be trusted with this power.But that doesn t mean we shouldn t acknowledge their problem. It definitely exists. But there are better balances to be struck than this. But yes, I see how this is being used against them
Wooping cough vaccines have full effect for about 10 years. Adults get it, but a lot don t consider wooping cough since they assume the vaccines last forever.
If it was simply a case of ordering over the phone, Dominos would ve been fine. The problem was that they had online only coupons and their website and app weren t ADA friendly . It s more complicated than it seemed on the surface like the McDonald s coffee lawsuit
He was spending 208 month for 20Mbps? What the hell is going on in Austin?
That s the cruel part of the thermodynamics. The waste heat here is not hot enough so it s really difficult for the recovery effort to reach a reasonable efficiency economically.That s why you don t see it...
On the other hand, the links have this string in them CS2_EOL So maybe they decided to give it away, because it s EOL d sooo hard. Let s see how this develops
Netflix has shown that they can make bank 0 even after pulling their subscription from Apple s platform 1 . Your entire comment doesn t really add anything since it s all plain-as-day information - Apple s 30 cut is effectively revenue they get for creating the iOS devices, so yes, as long as they continue to sell product, they re going to continue to require 30 of digital content revenue is pocketed as profit.0
Mostly past caring about Firefox. Just about every choice they ve made since before Australis moves it further away from being what I d like.May as well just use Chrome at this point, rather than Chrome Lite.
Exactly, thanks. There s plenty of gold in those old threads.
12 hours ago the OP reported the issue was resolved. No further explanation except thanking Pax from amazon.
No, I was a foodie before it was cool, and now everyone else is, so it s not cool anymore and I m out. Useless.
Um, yeah, I would edit those URLs out before the edit window expires. Google will kill your account.
Why not make the suit require even more energy to move around rather than just trying to replicate the work required to combat Earth s gravity? That would save them some exercise time.
Hi, I m one of the founders of SigOpt YC W15 . This is part 2 of a 3 part series we ll be doing on uncertainty in modeling and optimization Part 1 here 0 .Let me know if you have any questions about this post or SigOpt in general. Gustavo is a Research Engineering Intern with us and wrote this post with our research team lead, Michael Mccourt. If you re a student looking for internships please check out our careers page 1 . Our platform is also free for academics 2 . You can find more of our research including NIPS, ICML, AISTATS, etc papers here 3 . 0
This is an excellent introduction to slowly building a compiler for a Scheme-like language. The paper itself doesn t contain as much detail as the supplementary material on the author s site, though which is dead now but you can still find on the Wayback Machine 1 . 1
They create better drivers.Nvidia dont adhere to specs. Amd does.Developers develop for nvidia.Problems ensue for amd users.
Did you see the Research page?The menu icon didn t show up until I turned my iPad to portrait. The Research page takes a long time to load.
Yeah, and a good level of yup that makes sense, should work. crash wait what?!
Can a state impose a tax on certain crop or product production within its jurisdiction?
This is utterly absurd. This conclusion was reached way too late, the report states same page that in order to produce this conclusion the experts finished their work in three days . In your opinion during a major nuclear accident everyone around the plant will quietly sit and wait 3 days? Is it a joke?Well, you were talking about the scientific report, this is the conclusion of the scientific report. Beside that, there is only politics and baseless decisions.You were arguing about the fact that the evacuation is not opinion-based, and also that evacuate Tokyo was reasonable .I do not doubt that someone also theorized the explosion of the solar system at that time. But I don t see why that would be relevant to prove anything. I already answered the worst was avoided thanks to sheer luck some reactors were shut down, some emergency cooling was against all odds possible, winds favorably blew a fair part of the dangerous stuff away... .Nuclear power plants are built to be intrensically safe, it s not luck. Officially much more deaths 2200 , as already proved, and long-term effects are disputed. Plus huge damage.No you didn t prove anything lol, actually we are proving that you are saying things that are not true.I pointed out how the evacuation was avoidable, and that it was based on people s fear, ideology, and inefficiency. You tried to disprove this, but with false claims. This is relative.No its not relative, I linked beautiful charts before page 171 Chapter 3.5 I answered this is only valid if retaining the Banqiao dam case while considering that a nuclear reactor exposed to the same challenges wouldn t have caused more damage.False, again. How many victims would some renewable equipment a field of wind turbines or solar panels destroyed by a natural disaster cause?By ChatGPT Risk aversion in the context of nuclear and renewable energy refers to the tendency of individuals and societies to prefer options that minimize potential risks, even if those risks are statistically low but have high potential consequences.For nuclear energy, rare failures such as reactor meltdowns can result in high fatalities and severe environmental damage, which fosters public fear and resistance despite the low probability of such events. Conversely, renewable energy sources like wind and solar experience common but low-fatality failures, leading to greater public acceptance.This discrepancy highlights a psychological phenomenon where people perceive nuclear energy as more dangerous than renewables, despite statistics showing nuclear energy has lower overall mortality rates compared to fossil fuels. Public perception often emphasizes catastrophic potential over statistical reality, leading to disproportionate fear and risk aversion. The real amount of damage on health and biotopes is disputed, moreover a single major accident may bump the figures up Russian-roulette style .The EU report also take in consideration everything and uses the upper bound, still is safer. One of the trick is to use the continental grid which is needed even with the 100 nuclear scenario in order to optimize, reduce the probability of failure, quickly restart after a local failure... Another is to produce green hydrogen for the backup. Result less and less overproduction.Right here you show that you do not understand what overproduction costs mean and their impact. More specifically, when you state Another is to produce green hydrogen for the backup. Result less and less overproduction. That s exactly where you re wrong, because a hydrogen plant of a few billion that you use only in peaks raises costs even further. A hydrogen power plant is designed and built to produce h24, not a few hours a day. It would be dishonest if other recent or ongoing project in the US was more successful. Which one is?I linked in the previous comment to an article that explains everything. And I repeat If you want a comparison between the two techs, you should take into account in number of investments, subsidies, general hype, ongoing projects. Nuclear power s inefficiency is tied hand-in-hand with low investments. Building more reactors in parallel can only make production more efficient. In china they are doing excellently.Rather than taking the data as tautologies true only to themselves, it s more honest to understand the causes. This is not intrinsic to renewables, we can decide to enhance our autonomy, then do so. Then do so its not something that we can do in some decades.If you really care about decarbonizing, accept the risk of that option, and the devastating consequences.Honestly, I have no intention of taking that risk without diversifying. Please name a satisfying ready-to-deploy industrial nuclear reactor not needing uranium. There is none.Deforst already replied, but also...All CANDU reactor 31 can use Thorium as fuel.Another false statement.
Not full-blown wc, but custom HTML tags where possible which is totally valid, very few devs realize this and Custom Elements when js is required.M- adds a bunch of elements on top of HTML 20 last time I counted . The design philosophy is that the API should match or feel like native HTML, e.g. , , with nestedAnd you def don t have to write your own styles. this example is a recreation of a Bootstrap demo page using M- Looks good for 6kb and like 1 line of custom CSS imo
Hi 50cents.It s horrifying people turn blind how CCP and Communism is slowly destroying the world. Look what happened to Hong Kong!
You re presuming that all reads occur after the system has quiesced.It sure looked like they did, but maybe I misread the code. This is not always the case.Even if that weren t the case, you might check out the probabilities on your birthday problem. What you ve got is effectively a calendar with 100 million days microseconds in the benchmark s 100 seconds and 5 people 5 writes to the same record . You ve managed to end up with those 5 people sharing a birthday well over 1 of the time. I m just trying to keep folks honest about what their systems actually provideI appreciate that you ve found an interesting corner case that I d not considered.Actually, it s not that I hadn t considered it. When creating client side timestamps I do tend to think about this scenario, but with server side timestamps, I tend to think of it much like I think of collisions on Type 1 UUID s, but in truth the probabilities are higher.I do think Cassandra ought to consider either a using Type 1 UUID or similar strategies to make the risk of these collisions all but ridiculous or b when resolving ties in the timestamps on cells by choosing a winning node or thread or something other than the value in the cell, but rather tied to the update operation. That would avoid this scenario in a fashion more fitting with the rest of the semantics of the system. give them tools to analyze those constraintsI think unfortunately in this case the analysis of those constraints is flawed.
It s not worth the effort.
If it was perfect, than everyone would be happy.
UML is mostly useless, but thinking ahead, even a bit, has value. I ve seen stuff shipped in a sprint that was not used by any actual end users, only to be redone in the next sprint.
It has NO low level fuse api FUSE version 3 mostly address their limitations within Linux implementation. It adds support for concurrent writes and large transfer beyond 4KB. Crossmeta FUSE is look alike of Linux FUSE but the implementation does not inherit those limitations. It requires to do large concurrent transfer 128KB from Windows NT cache manager. I have to work the sshfs code to handle this since it was not exposed to such large transfer.
I think that s demonstrably false.His point about the runtime complexity of an API being entirely distinct from how the interface to it s code is exposed whether GraphQL or REST or otherwise is fairly obvious, I think.The counter-argument is that unlimited query complexity makes it far bigger problem, and the author s point is that if you re using it for private APIs with persisted queries, you shouldn t have that problem unknowingly.Don t get me wrong - I think the takeaway is that GraphQL s niche is quite small, and he s defending exactly that niche. It s not often the case that you can develop an API in a private manner which doesn t undercut higher-order value in the future, as the rise of AWS hopefully made evident.
I ve been learning how to take stereoscopic photos and found that most of the literature is on how to make stereoscopic movies which got me to read Lipton who was the inventor of just found out that he passed away recently.
There always seemed to be a need for dedicated lists. Rather than curate, I m trying to build a dedicated mini search engine for Swift iOS Resources Internet contains so much information on any given topic that if you have a question, it probably has already been answered. If we could build better search engines, we could learn anything in a fraction of the time.
But they are supposed to account for your orders and not just bill you out of thin air, right? So what is so cumbersome of keeping track of the orders. It is literally biggest part of their job - taking an order and remembering correctly who ordered what.
It s hard to say what most people will do.My wife plugs her phone in every night as a matter of habit --- just to be sure, whether it really needs charging or not. I know from experience that this degrades the battery lifetime.
Posted Excel as a database link lower in the discussion threads, but I think it s worth a comment of it s own
I don t see what s new here. I already use muscle memory to remember my passwords. I am awful at rote memorization, but when I train my fingers to perform a 12 character password dance, everything is fine and I can remember the password for a long time.The good thing about memorizing passwords this way is that it doesn t matter how random the password is - totally random letters, numbers and symbols or a sentence are the same when it s a keyboard dance.As long as you have a keyboard anyway...I have to find a keyboard to figure out half of my passwords when setting up my phone.
Propel Brooklyn, NY or Remote US Onsite, Remote, or Hybrid - You decide! builds modern, respectful, and effective technology that helps low-income Americans improve their financial health. Over 5 million people use our app, Providers, to check their benefits balances, stay up to date on critical government programs, save money, and earn income. In addition, we re expanding further into the financial services space by building a new debit card, specifically designed to help low-income Americans.To learn more about who we are, our engineering culture, and whether this is the right place for you, read our Key Values profile all of our open roles here key roles we re hiring for DevOps Engineer Senior Product Designer, Growth Product Operations Associate Stack Infrastructure AWS, Cloudwatch, Kubernetes, Ingress, Helm, Route53, Nginx, Jenkins, Sentry, RDS PostgreSQL, Redis, Istio.Backend Python 3, Flask, Redis, RDS PostgreSQL, Peewee, Nginx, Kubernetes, Docker.Frontend TypeScript, Vue.js, Capacitor, SASS, Vuetify.
Never been to Texas, eh?Hell, the break-California-up initiative made it to the ballot this year, was removed for this year by the CA Sup Ct, and has a non-zero chance of being back on in 2020. E.g., of the questions I was asked in a State Attorney General Office interview in 2009 was What state would you kick out of the union and why? The secession debates were raging in certain circles after Obama was elected, and I guess some AGs wanted to know if incoming lawyers were inclined that way? Will Texas ever secede? Will CA ever actually break up? I have no idea, and I doubt it. But the debate and even the effort is there.
Derivatives are formulaic. Integrals, like proofs, require thinking backwards, i.e. creativity and or luck. For the vast majority of people, cultivating that intuition is a lot harder than plugging numbers into formulas...
As someone on the Q Typ116 that this app doesn t support, it s the primary reason I don t use the camera as much as I would like.
For the same reason you would use a container orchestration system for running anything easier deployments, scaling, reliability, etc.
I understand what you are saying, but we need to remember one thing it was all recreational! Good God, the man wasn t being chased by killers, he was doing this for fun!The fact is, I don t care who you are, there are limits imposed on the 50 year old body. There just are. If you want to keep active, that s great, but what ever happened to being reasonable? Why is everyone in such a rush all the time to have more fun faster and harder than anyone else?Maybe this is an artifact of civilization? Since we are no longer being chased by tigers we need to fun ourselves to death. Who knows.To be fair, the article makes it clear that he never felt like he was pushing too hard before the incident. It may be he didn t notice his body talking to him, or maybe it just didn t until it was too late, which sucks. Everyone is different. I can tell you that I m over 50 and have definitely noticed the effort and recovery challenges that accompany my age. I m active and love to run, bike, etc. But it certainly feels different than it did when I was 15. I have to be reasonable about how much I do how fast.Be reasonable, people.
I can extend the list one applicative, one concatenativeBecause it really matters whether your function names go before their arguments or after.
Looks great. Is this also coming to vscode? Also, the answer might be an obvious no , given a lack of features compared to vscode, but is it coming to pycharm?
I have a friend who was well off and was very much against handouts for most people. He would go on about people needing to get a job, pull themselves up and how not finding work was a lazy man s excuse. Then he lost his job, house, car, dog and health in less than a year and even had to move back in with his parents.Amazing how his opinions have changed now that he is the one who despite his best efforts is struggling to just barely get by. He still feels you should make your own way, but now realizes it can be much harder than it sounds.The go get a low paying job safety net is not what it once was. People these days really need to get creative and find new ways to generate income.
I d get in touch with LastPass support asap to see if they have a digital trail to help you figure out what happened.I d also guess the most plausible situation would be malware on your computer that managed to sniff your credentials in-transit clipboard memory browser keyboard and exfiltrate it to some shady folks.
I ve had to rebuild my machine at work twice and some people look at you like you told them your dog died. We never had it automated but we did have it written down.One of those, we got a bad batch of laptops. Over a summer five of us had to go through the same thing. The only rough part was the whole disk encryption. That took longer than the rest combined.
Being able to inspect the state of systems, and being able to manually change things in software, is incredibly valuable.I was hired as a CTO for a start-up that had a shitty solution bad performance, bad practices - such as storing passwords in plaintext and customer service would just copy the password and log in the customer s account manually .They had a custom back-end where they were basically handcuffed to a couple of flows. They couldn t see the full state of the system. Not even a fraction of it. Everyone hated it to the point where most were using whiteboards to work.My first move was to normalize the database and throw in an off the shelf back-end where they got access to the full state of the system with some aspects of course conveniently configured out .Then, based on their own whiteboard flows and how they were using the new all you can eat back-end, we implemented a number of flows that mapped to how they actually worked. This is on top of being able to manually pull any switch. From what I could tell, they loved it, both the freedom and the ease.It was truly satisfying to see those empty whiteboards.
I would go with writing directives over using global scope in general, though it s more time consuming to me.
VP of Engineering at a startup is probably the best fit. Managing small 10 software teams is probably next. Anything with lots of novel and or interesting problems is next. I also seem to have a knack for listening to customers and figuring out what they really need and want.
has a really strong begat narrative that helps if you re interested in learning the bases. E.g. A begat B begat C...Also, I think one of the difficulties in talking about philosophy is that specialized language in the field has incredible compression efficiency. It s a lot easier to say Kantian than to take 1,000 words to recap his arguments and beliefs.
Ah, it s hard to be so ignorant sometimes--when I m enlightened like you I ll finally be able to understand that relocating 15,000 backwater US conservatives to the Bangkok suburbs would actually be a net benefit for the Thai. Their weak, homogeneous culture needs to be changed for their own good.
Interesting!After reading it, I realized I was actually hoping for information at a lower level than VM for memory pressure. Actually finding live, actionable information about DRAM bandwidth usage, delays caused by the hardware system of caches including TLBs, L1 2 3 caches and main memory contention, etc. I have not found that existing tools are insufficient in monitoring dealing with VM swapping - OTOH I usually seek to keep that at zero and leave a little swap just to allow for some chance of alerting and recovery before OOM killer kicks in.
seems you may as well put nuclear power plants in the desert
The G3000 also monitors pilot activity inactivity and cabin pressure and can automatically engage Autoland or Emergency Descent Mode if no activity is detected. - Arstechnica article.
What makes you think UX people aren t?
Ya, my rule is that if it s under 10 then I can probably find it on aliexpress unless I need it relatively quickly . If it s a well known brand, I ll probably buy it from that brand s website. Everything in between is usually ok to buy on amazon, but even that list is getting shorter and shorter for me.
Today that s true, but hopefully this eff project will turn out next year
I m starting to think that this constant change is what will prevent Software Creation from becoming mature and finally accepted as Engineering. We don t dwell on a thing long enough to truly explore it s pitfalls and potential.Then again, perhaps that s just the perception from taking a look from too high an altitude. Personally, I m focusing on the tools I like using cautiously evaluating newer tools but not the bleeding edge I like to avoid scabs making careful decisions about the stack for my latest creation, and then sticking to those choices in the last five years, I ve felt more like I m doing a Serious Engineering. If other individuals do similar things, perhaps there s hope for industry maturity after all.
It s not that hard to roughly approximate does an enclosing scope reference this variable or does an enclosing scope contain a direct eval call? You also have cases where you don t know for sure, especially in the presence of the with statement, but then you just assume it is referenced. If no enclosing scope references or maybe references it, you can treat it differently to those that are referenced. You don t even need to do actual escape analysis to get 99 of the cases.
I got malware in the installer for Filezilla on my Mac. They shove malware in all sorts of non-windows stuff these days...
The giant 1, 2, 3 is an attempt to add Rock amongst a slew of talk.
Storing grain for multiple years was possible for a long, long time. The Bible story of Joseph is perhaps an exaggeration or an extraordinary event, but storing grain from good years in order to consume it in bad years is something we ve been doing since prehistoric times, we have archeological evidence that this has been done in Egypt before writing was used.
Try my growth list. Put your side project on top directories and you can expect a continuous high intent traffic.
Wow, pretty interesting to see my school district as one of the closest 15 to the bottom right corner. Looking back though, I can definitely see it. Most of the kids in my AP computer science class were boys and I now see way more guys from my high school in STEM jobs then girls.In my opinion, the biggest cause was due to gender stereotypes. We weren t the actual school based on for the movie mean girls although lots of people joked that we were , but it had a very similar vibe in that math was not seen as being cool for girls to do and popularity was definitely a major focus for a lot of people.Edit reading further into the actual paper, the first possible reason they site are gender stereotypes. It s a pretty interesting read. I would at least skim if it if you are at all curios and it s a shame that this article seems to have been shadow hidden from the front page despite having 25 points in an hour
ARM64 and AMD64 are contemporaneous redesigns of the underlying architecture that got rid of a lot of cruft, so being ARM does not have an advantage there. One could argue that the more relaxed memory model of ARM gives a slight advantage, but that s a mixed bag.Even without that, all modern chips translate the ISA into internal ops, and that translation take such a miniscule fraction of chip area that ISA in 2024 has minimal effect on power and performance.
Honestly, the only way to understand regression is to study something like Mccullagh Nelders book. Anything else and you are going to have a very hard time really being useful without misinterpreting the results. There are some real subtleties to interpretation of regression coefficients, and more importantly structuring your data in such a way that you will answer the questions you want.It s not an easy book, but if you ve gone through to at least third year level in statistics it s approachable and you will understand it to a deep level.
The purpose of pesticides is to negate the health effects of famine. Everyone has lost perspective. There are billions of people that need to eat every day.
dead
What other classification is even a possibility when you paint one side as evil ?Whether the evilness of the wrong with quotes side matches reality or is a product of the non-evil right , with quotes side s fallible model of the world was unclear from your comment, and I left it as such.It looks like you aren t arguing with my main point, which is applicable to any side that thinks it s right . I sincerely hope this approach prevails over abusing debate mechanics that you describe.
Interesting point!
Does tesla use transformers for the auto pilot?
So - as a result, the VCs may be in conflict with management common shareholders when it comes to making a decision between selling the company and collecting their liquidation preference versus an IPO in which the VCs lose all their seniority - which is why the ratchet is in place, to protect that preferential treatment?
PS Unfortunately there is no way to say which gray line is which year.There is. If you want to see reality, click on the hide all button, then pick a few years. 1984, 1990, 2022 and 2023 are good. Then try to get the people whose job depends on pretending everything is fine to explain how this is normal.
Could have happened at any other big company. No biggie. Facebook here is just headline making. I don t deny it being u-g-l-y and bad, just that it s not a Facebook issue.
Meanwhile I use Tailwind and no one can stop me.Semantic HTML was a pipe dream and a silly idea in hindsight.
Hahaha. No light, heat? U see no light cuz ur blind, and feel no heat cuz you ve no feeling. X? I don t even know where that is. Alright, you take it back home to x, that s where you re from. Not here. Bye bye.
Instead, they should automatically offer work visas to college graduates. It is such a pain to have to get a work visa after you graduate if you were on an F1 before then. And most people that come all the way to the US to go to college are top notch professionals by the time they graduate.
his genetic profile indicates a high probability of several disorders and an estimated lifespan of 30.2 years.That seems to be a very valid reason to not send someone on a space mission.
Just want to point out that cmd-l-c does the same thing, in all browsers.
I don t agree. School in Western Europe can be a horrifying experience where the only solution is that the person being beaten up transfers to another school. Nothing is done about the people beating.
amazing
dead
Wow, I just googled this and I m really bummed that I missed it. Looks like it never got submitted to Hacker News for some reason, that s a shame.
As long as you don t need to store tabs or carriage returns in your data. 0
Bolt is huge in Eastern Europe taxis, food delivery .They are not exactly without controversy.Bolt announced and defended further expansion in Belarus amid is interesting that my Google searches fail to find the offending article from Bolt s founder. All I can find is Russian and Belarus sources and Usain Bolt. Linkedin does show Bolt has an expanion ongoing in Belarus.
Sorry. Only just saw your question.The touchscreen works out of the box, but I don t use it that often, the few times I ve used it I noticed that if I have an issue it s mostly related to the program I m using and the lack of proper touchscreen support for that particular program.
or the authorities, are better equipped to help.It s not just equipped to help . It s also that random untrained people can do more harm than good. Hell, even random trained people can do more harm that good when there are too many people around.I m not a medical professional, but I have some first aid training and have been the most-trained first responder in not-even-crowded areas on a few occasions. Even with only 10 people around, managing the crowd while providing care becomes difficult.The article even mentions It was a wonderful problem to have, said school district superintendent, Eric Hoyt, but we probably had too many volunteers show up. In a town of 171 people. Just 171 people, and crowd management became a problem.Now drop into Manhattan, with approximately 1.629 million more people. If everyone showed up to an incident, you d have at least an order of magnitude more deaths from the stampede to help than from the original event.People in dense cities move away from the scene of an accident in order to get out of the way, which in most cases is genuinely the best thing they can do to help.
How is running 40 instances of node processes different from running 40 instances of a single threaded web server?40 Instances of a single threaded webserver can block for I O. If your webserver is 50 CPU bound this means that your CPU utilization is lower than in the case of a perfectly async system. You will serve fewer requests per second than an async framework. This is where the rule of thumb no of threads 2X no of cores originates. Of course this rule wont work well for heavily I O bound servers with high latency I O. With node.js latency IO percentage etc won t matter. If you had a choice would you not rather have light-weight processes threads rather than actual processes because of lighter memory requirements?It would be great to have a multithreaded async framework. However a multithreaded environment eventually ends up introducing several blocking I O functions which Dahl wanted to avoid. Hence the choice of Javascript.node.js is one of a 100 possible solutions. Nobody insists that you use it. In fact I haven t even written a single line of node code. However I have done enough systems work to know the benefits of async programming. Threads are too hard to program to? Try STM?STM can only handle scenarios that do not involve I O. One of my colleagues was in the group at Microsoft tried STM with I O that fell hard on their faces. Sure there are plenty of approaches - threads, actors, STM. Async programming is one such approach. If you want to write an async web server, right now node.js is the only solution. I think it might be possible to do a pure async web server in Haskell, as any IO gets captured in the type signature but I don t know of any async Haskell webserver framework. I m not buying the notion that node s event model has any advantage over anything whatsoever.You are basically asserting that async programming has no advantage over any other approach whatsoever. Having dug into hard disk device drivers, filesystems and caching for the Windows CE kernel, I would have killed to have a proper async I O framework in CE from the ground up. We had a gazillion locks in the kernel modules, for gazillion data structures when all we really wanted to do was perform I O without grabbing a lock. The Linux epoll, BSD kqueue and Windows IO completion ports are all async APIs added for high performance systems. These APIs are, strictly speaking, not required if you have threads but when you get into sufficiently advanced systems programming you cannot live without these. Trying to say that async programming is useless is equivalent to claiming that APIs such as epoll kqueues are useless.
For the invisible hand of the market to lead to optimal outcomes, decisions need to be made by rational actors using perfect information. It s right there, in the original text!We can t legislate about rational actors, but we CAN and SHOULD legislate about perfect information. Any information hiding is essentially fraud or theft from the rest of the market, because it creates an information asymmetry distortion.We could for example say that registered companies don t get company benefits protection of owners from bankruptcy and protection of board from personal liability and such unless they continually and regularly publish the full even unaudited books, not just the occasional brief filings we require now. That would benefit everybody in the market, except those who thrive on fraud and information asymmetry.
If it doesn t include an overpriced dongle accessory, is it really an Apple product?Actually it would, my decade old MBP 13 has 3 ! ports for video out.
I want to be able to impose a schemaThe alternative is document search. It s how Wikipedia, StackOverflow and Google provide reasonable search capabilities. Requiring normalized data is likely to reduce user participation. Good luck.
How do you make retraining great again? It s easy to say, but I have never heard anyone ever actually suggest a way, or for that matter suggest anything that people can be retrained for.Do you have any answers?
played it on the gameboy advance, same experience. i can still remember a few of the hand-drawn scenes and for a child inscrutable puzzles. something about a runaway floor buffer.
That s the joke. Now that Atom is dead, laptop fans will be silent.
I admit you have me confused, but I m sure I don t want my car to kill me to spare me from a lawsuit. For that matter, killing me to spare me from a criminal manslaughter conviction is quite a raw deal too!
Good list. Define ou haven t read all of these but of the ones you ve mentioned I can tell I d probably like the rest. Have you read Anathem or any of Peter Watts stuff? If not give them a try.
Focus on core competence and outsource the rest. The approach has made companies more nimble and more productive, and delivered huge profits for shareholders. It has also fueled inequality and helps explain why many working-class Americans are struggling even in an ostensibly healthy economy.That is the outsourced companies causing inequality. They are the ones paying people terribly, not the company contracting with the outsourcing companies.This article wants to blame major companies for inequality while conveniently ignoring the existence of the outsourcing companies which are the ones setting the pay for these employees. Stop doing that, raise the minimum wage and benefits that outsourcing companies must pay their employees contractors, and fix the bloody problem at its source.
My personal well-being as well as my privacy and, I truly believe, my safety are not worth the risk and grief.Jesus. Melodramatic much?I ve been a low level Wikipedia editor for many years. I have edited and written a smattering of articles, and it has never been a waste of time, and certainly not dangerous to my SAFETY.I don t know if anyone has gotten any value from my articles, but I have. I have written articles to help study for exams back in college, I ve written articles to help my keep track of the TV schedule of a favorite but unpopular TV show, and I ve written articles about favorite but unpopular books. I ve also written and edited articles that I use as references for my work.I never got involved in the politics of Wikipedia I just care about making the content better for personal use. Maybe this is where this guy went wrong. Simply editing articles is not a waste of time, even if you re the only one that reads them. At the very least it helps you.
You ignore human nature.The car is the extension of the penis. People want it big and shiny. Sure it was the US that invented SUVs and pickup trucks but they were embraced just as much in European towns as in rural Kentucky.
That s radian, numeric value is different. Hertz measured in turns, not radians.
The best car for the environment is you keeping your current car for as long as humanly possible.
It matters to the people who want a clone. As long as they have the dollars and it s legal somewhere in the world, it s going to happen.
The 16-year-old Swedish crusader single-handedly launched the climate strike movement last yearYes, single handedly, just her, her famous parents, a PR team and millions of dollars worth of support from the likes of George Soros et al.
The SEC themselves chose the subtitle of SEC Files Fraud Charges in Bitcoin and Office Space Investment Schemes . Prosecution can be a very political process as prosecutors often have political ambitions and want to be seen in the press. My takeaway from this press release is that at least one prosecution desk within the SEC has refocused on crypto as a means to do that.
Foreign nationals committing offense against the united states is fbi territory? Interdasting
If you buy insurance yourself on the exchange, then you pay with post tax dollars.It s deductible at tax time, though.
Revenues are irrelevant. Profits aren t.
If you want anything past Analysis 1 I think you ll find that universities guard their content.Not so there s an absolutely vast amount of freely available undergraduate mathematics resources available at all levels. Honestly, so much that it makes it confusing to choose and not get distracted by the options -- perhaps AI-mediated distillation could be helpful in the future.
Also - There is no way to back up your message history with photos, etc . This could be done using their annoyingly pushed to users PIN , but isn t.Few people realize that if your phone dies today, your history is GONE. From what I saw, once people do realize this, it s game over for Signal. WhatsApp is just easier, everybody is there , and it does back up your history.EDIT Yes, it s on iOS. Yes, I realize this might not matter to you, but it matters to a lot of people. And if Signal tries to bring privacy to the masses , this needs to be fixed. I ve seen multiple people stop using Signal after losing all their data.
E-mail can be end-to-end encrypted you can use PGPSMS can be end-to-end encrypted you can use PGP. I don t understand how iMessage and FTP are different?If I get a new iPhone and set it up without restoring it from a backup and I have NOT opted into Messages in iCloud I personally have not , then my entire iMessage history is unavailable to me on my new iPhone. I believe every person should have the right to choose which software they use to interact with servicesThen you also believe that forgoing E2E encryption is an acceptable tradeoff for exercising that freedom. I don t understand what is so extreme about my position?It s not that your position is extreme, it s that you don t seem to understand the consequences of that position.
I gave it a try and the first thing I noticed on the top of Popular category Memes How Many Can You Name? . So no, thanks.
It s already almost difficult to discuss it criticize growthturning the social meta from positive sum to zero or negative sum is the most disastrous idea conceivable. everything you cherish, including your physical safety, is built on an assumption of shared future rewards. people will seek advantage no matter what they must have a socially productive avenue or it will be taken from others.if you are so sure an alternative is possible, i encourage you to demonstrate it -- live your life with others in a way that defies market forces. the proof is in the pudding for now, there is only one game in town.
I don t currently have access to the machine and files that I was doing it on, but I ll try those in the morning!
Personally whenever I hear states rights my mind jumps immediately to people using that term to justify the pro-slavery side of the Civil War.
The main irony I find in many people that love animals and are vegetarian vegan is these people tend to be just as likely to lock their pet up in a cage for 8-12 hours a day while at work. Then of course they also don t play with them. So the animals is essentially in a prison of boredom and minimal variety of food. It s like the Twighlight Zone episode where the guy goes to hell basically being trapped in a room for eternity.
Organizations that take security seriously use PAWs for production access. of an actual implementation in the wild
As a college graduate white collar developer who s never been married before, your actuarial chances of divorce are around 20 .
Correct, what you stumbled upon is merely the modern version of exorbitant privilege and US dollar international seigniorage and then you have the cantillon effect at the international level, but that s just less of an issue than the dollar seigniorage itself
It does. After 7 years a bankruptcy should not show up on your credit report.
And yet no one has explained why a guy holding particular political views can not effectively be the face of the company.I m pretty sure they have, many times, but you presumably don t agree - which is perfectly fine but don t say it s not been explained! To recap someone with exclusionary views, donating money to promote and enforce those exclusionary views, cannot effectively be head of a company specifically promoting inclusionary views.
Is there anything more than the apparent wild speculation here to actually substantiate any of these claims or is this just some guy ad libbing for attention?
Oh my god, I feel exactly the same way. I am not a programmer, but I m excited by the potential of LLMs in my work. So, I ve dusted off my python skills that I haven t used since I was in an fMRI lab, and experimenting to see what works.First of all, every library framework I ve found is moving so fast that all the tutorials and printed material O Reilly books etc are already out of date. Many of the changes are out of necessity, as it s a rapidly developing space, but sometimes it just feels like someone got high and decided to add 3 more layers of abstraction. Although for many tasks, AI coding assistants would be a benefit for noobs like me, the code base and documentation are too loose for me to get the expected benefits I would find in a more established code base.LangChain seems to be where a lot of the action is with regard to modularity, and using different components in each part of the pipeline. That s important for me, because I need either local or HIPAA-compliant tools Azure OpenAI works, Anthropic won t return my requests for a BAA, and I need a bigger GPU .But using LangChain is a pretty horrible experience because, at least for my uses and as a noob, it s much too buried in abstractions to make quick iterations. The GUI-based stuff like flowise and langflow are too limited with regard to available components, and mostly they hide the problems so that errors are tough to address.I m thrilled that there has been so much work on adding JSON output and agent stuff at the LLM level, as hopefully it can bring some of these astronauts back to earth or at least in a low orbit .
This bacterium produces ethanol from sugaryou sound like it s bad, this is genius
Wow, just found that Grooveshark the real Grooveshark has closed. I just used it the other day and it looked like they d just done a re-design.
I ve gone through the process now of being reviewed for ADHD both in Australia and the US, and I can say Australia really makes the process nightmarish.To start with the meds are so restricted ordinary doctors GPs can t prescribe them. And trying to bring up ADHD may get you labeled as a drug seeker. But let s say you get an appointment with a psychiatrist the ordained ministers who can write stimulant prescriptions - wait times can be anywhere from 3 - 6 months. Upon which you re not guaranteed to be taken seriously because psychiatry isn t an exact science and not every doctor even acknowledges everything in the DSM.In the state that I m in I had to be drug tested before and after getting on ADHD meds. Before to make sure that I wasn t a drug seeker. And after to confirm I was taking the meds and not selling them. My doctor then had to apply for a special license just to write my script. He did this by writing a letter full of supporting clinical information and applying for the license to issue the script. So after all that effort easily 9 months you get the chance to be given meds by such a doctor. But currently there are supply chain shortages so many people aren t even able to get their meds.My US experience much shorter When I was in the US I used a telehealth app on my phone to speak to a amazing clinician who specialized in ADHD google some or this looks like shilling. I had my meds not long after that. I currently don t bother with medication though because although it works exceptionally well I can t sleep on them. I d say to US people - have a look at some of the apps out there. You ll want to go with people who can actually prescribe and not psychologists.Keep in mind there are other reasons that can cause concentration issues depression and insomnia are examples. It would probably be better for most people not to have ADHD as other illnesses are potentially easier to treat with less side effects. I really liked the conciseness, typography, and artwork in the article, by the way.
They are in sp400 which also makes them a constituent of sp1000.Further they are in sptmi which massive etfs like vanguards vti blackrocks itot are benchmarked against st.
We ve never had exact same set of rules . Leave dictatorships aside and just tell me what is free market suppose to do when two legitinate democratic authorities have different rules?In EU we don t grant software patents, and don t have the patent trols problem, we have different consumer righs, no mandatory arbitration, etc. In germany they have roads without speed limits, etc. A product destines for success in EU might fail in US and vice versa.
This makes zero logical sense. People can do whatever they want with their money period full stop. Nothing else.
I don t think that s true. If someone only has a phone, they need to store their bitcoin somewhere, and its unlikely to be their phone.Why? Bitcoins do not exist somewhere, bitcoin transactions do, and they are stored in the blockchain. Bitcoins that you own are essentially unspent transactions to your address which is only a few bytes long.A bitcoin wallet address is not a bank account by any sense of the world.
Yeah, this is nice. The existing aff marketing networks are filled with all sorts of shysters. Shaving sales and unjustified termination of accounts before payment is sent is very very very common. This will put alot more honesty in the affiliate marketing area, which is a cesspool now.
That s very interesting! What country are you in? What kind of pumps do people use now?I imagine that for applications in town, the theft problem will be less. If you have ten or twenty houses clustered together, you can probably leave one rifle home with one of the women in case someone tries to steal the solar panels. I mean, that s the same problem as someone trying to steal a motor scooter or whatever, right?
to compare multiple modes and even combine them is great
Speaking of things fluffy, for what I assume to be a cutting-edge medical device the promo video on that page is.. interesting.
Jeez, they copied the YC application questions just like Techstars did.
And the network failures happen more with wider impact?
There s roughly 270 million guns in the USA and every day about 270 shootings. A ratio of one in a million.I m not sure how many pressure cookers there are in the US, probably in the tens of millions at most. I can t find any data on how many injuries are caused by them, but there d have to be 10-20 incidents per day for it to measure up to guns in terms of injuries per object.The most common injury from a pressure cooker is a burn. There are about 100 burns requiring medical attention in the US daily and it s unlikely that 25 of these are caused by pressure cookers given the wide number of causes of burns.
On your website, you say Also, we NEVER record any of your personal data . Could you explain this piece of code from your extension then? else if request.type removeTab chrome.tabs.get parseInt request.tabId , function tab if chrome.runtime.id PROD_EXTENSION_ID registerAnalytics database, type registerAnalyticsEvent , analyticsType closed_tab , meta url tab.url I hope I m wrong but this looks like the URL of each tab that a user closes or hides before a meeting is sent to your analytics database.
but I m utterly amazed at how simple this _appears_. Remind me the joke of the consultant engineer knows where to make X by the chalk. LOL
I m into grappling martial arts. I did a year of judo, 6 or so years of Brazilian jiu jitsu and now I do freestyle wresting. Unlike striking-based martial arts, there is really no violence at all and I find that they are vastly more technical. There are literally thousands of different techniques to learn and each one takes a lifetime to master. I find it to be quite safe as well. I ve never had any serious injuries or even seen any. Best of all, I find it incredibly relaxing mentally. After spending an entire day inside my own head, it s so nice to do something where your brain shuts off and your muscle reflexes take over everything.Recently, I decided to get into beer brewing. I made one batch so far from a kind of just add water beer sludge that you can buy in a can. It s drinkable. I m looking forward to trying my next batch completely from grains and hopefully making some proper beer.
That s incorrect. The mathematical definition means that it s the upper bound. I.e. yes, the set of all functions of O N is a subset of the set of all functions O N 2 . So you could say Quicksort is O N 100 and still be technically correct.However, the big-O notation does NOT specify anything about worst avg best-case complexity of a given algorithm. That should still be defined in the analysis.You mixed up those two slightly different concepts.
Because it s an unusual spelling. It s a latinisation of the German surname Fuchs after the botanist Leonhart Fuchs and is neither pronounced consistently with the surname Fooks nor spelled consistently with other words containing the same sh phoneme rendered as sch .People will never reliably spell it right, so you have to wonder whether it s a great choice of name for an OS.
There is a human component to consider in the case of a change in the interview process, with the new process perceived as easier than the past and current ones, I imagine the bitter protests from the currently employed engineers who would vocally complain that the quality of new hires is much worse than it used to be, and that they have had to pass much more stringent interviews than the new ones, which even a junior SWE employed in an unnamed company would be able to pass.
Hey, if you re going for magic, why stop at half measures?Direct matter to energy conversion or nothing!
Hi! I am the author of this post. I think that taking the user to www.foobar.com when he she typed foobar does violate the expectations for most users. All browsers which I ve used take the user to their selected search engine. Most people outside of HN do not know that what they type in that search bar would be visible to anyone listening on the wire.
oh, now I wonder if I can cite GDPR and Dutch government for their BRP thing and ask my bank to spell my name in a proper Ukrainian Cyrillic the same way it is done in my id.
It s pretty common for sites to crash, especially those relying on some AI or GPU backed service.
I really like this quote The way we measure profitability is in tons of money . I couldn t help but hear a loud cha-ching in my head when reading this. I makes sense though, having a lot of money in the bank enables a business to make bold moves. I think its a delicate balance between making more sums of money and being more profitable.Silly side note and stupid metaphor warning - if someone is right-handed, they never think to cut off their left hand just because they get less return or use out of it. Only when someone if forced to choose between the hands would they ever say, ok cut off my left hand and save my dominate hand. Thats like an extreme situation!But in business, these companies make extreme moves like this, exiting whole biz sectors markets, eliminating depts, segmentation etc. Add to this, that the bar is continuously raised, so if the factory quota for last year was x this year its x 10. Thus 5-10 years later the exec s are surprised when the factory is not meeting quota and shutter it in the name of profitability.Profitability is one issue, but I think the trend toward over optimization and greater year-over-year ROI is also to blame.
What do you think of adding Marissa Mayer to Uber s board of directors? She seems to be suited to run companies in Uber s position.
Unsettling sure, but it s not hard to understand for the majority of the populace only the very privileged few.
Thanks Melvin. Great idea.We ve set up the invite code helpjapan if you would like to use Hello Bar to encourage aid.Melvin s working version is a great example to duplicate. Just sign up at and enter the invite code on the next page.Pasting Melvin s code is a great alternative as well if you don t want to sign up for an account.
Getting people to use PGP properly is ... hard.I ve been called out by no less than a Linux evangelist, working at Google, for being so rude as to PGP-encrypt my email to him because it was such a hassle to open .When the ICIJ was doing its extensive collaborative investigation of offshore banking, the team evaluated using PGP, but ultimately abandoned it The project team s attempts to use encrypted e-mail systems such as PGP Pretty Good Privacy were abandoned because of complexity and unreliability that slowed down information sharing. Studies have shown that police and government agents and even terrorists also struggle to use secure e-mail systems effectively. Other complex cryptographic systems popular with computer hackers were not considered for the same reasons. While many team members had sophisticated computer knowledge and could use such tools well, many more did not. little use if I have and use PGP if I can t convince my counterparties to do so.Sad, too.
Not only that, they seem consistently gross and provocative. I would expect randomly generated covers to be more mundane.This isn t the first the internet has seen something like this. Remember Horse ebooks?
Can you document the link you claim between liberal policies and high cost of living?
They re killing off the API that it depends on.Because they have to. Firefox could remain an unusable single-threaded XML behemoth, but what point is there in your wonderful extensible browser if it s an unmaintainable slow mess?
This exists for Android
Finally some good news.
Absolutely, I think that the failure to exploit spaced repetition is perhaps the most obvious and easily correctable flaw of most formal education.I strongly suspect that even just mixing questions from previous parts of the course into the homework would be enough to make a substantial difference grinding through a sequence of problems that all make use of essentially the same techniques before moving on to another set is a completely brain-dead way of trying to learn.
Here s a good article on the problem. Seriously, given how excellent most other qualities of life are in Germany, and how smart educated Germans are, the Internet situation is jarringly bad for anyone who visits or emigrates, and isn t used to it .I think there s even a bit of pride about it, I hate to say. Germans are pretty proud of their outdoor activities and general physical health, and device obsession works directly against that... and is still not as much of a thing there as in the US for example. You could make an argument for it... Blame Helmut Kohl. Helmut was clearly the type of guy who would have printed out his emails if he even had to email, if perhaps only by necessity until the day he died.
I hope that they were wrong. Tin looks a lot like lead. It s harder, but melts at a lower temperature. I doubt that one could coat cookware with pure lead, because it oxidizes too quickly, but alloys e.g. solder might be used.
By the decade s end
How about 1,300 deaths a day from smoking?
More importantly, why on Earth is it asking all these permissions upfront ?Android 6 has been out for quite some time, there is absolutely no excuse for this kind of app not to implement incremental permissions and not to target the last platform version is also wrong for many other reasons .
Stories? Pretty much killed Snapchat.
How do you get neuropsych testing and how does it differ from the normal testing for ADHD? I have been diagnosed multiple times but I always wonder if I really have it. I was on medication for a while but stopped taking it.
Is there a terminal frontend for howl? It looks like LuaJIT emacs or I guess more like ymacs which is potentially interesting.
Just because something can be done doesn t mean it should be done. The article does mention this many critics say it has yielded a mishmash of sparsely populated office buildings
If it takes you 24 months to hit 1k MRR you are working on the wrong thing. Just stop and move onto a better opportunity.
AWS doesn t give any warningIt does if you ask it to. You can get billing alerts if current costs are projected to go over a threshold.
Props, this is really cool.I remember playing colecovision as a kid. My older brother had gotten one.
Joel mentions that fact in another article, Find the dependencies - and eliminate them
Don t worry, it will probably have yeast extract or some other source of glutamates.
Zero is a very manageable number, well done!
FYI this is known as the expression problem
Does any of this mean that Docker for Mac ARM will be less of an insane resource hog?
To those complaining about getting constant calls. This is fixable if you want to fix it.For people who are even remotely customer-facing their job involves answering calls from unknown numbers, so that s not a solution.
How do you feel about Elon?
--edit-- see below comments.. this may not be so simple.No. The Apache License 2.0 does not work that way. You are allowed to copy and use everything in the Swift language to your own liking in a similar manner to the MIT and BSD permissive licenses. However if you then try and begin a lawsuit against Apple for anything in what you copied, your rights are terminated, therefore invalidating your suit. The Apache License also gives you access to the patents in the language. It s a bit of a hack like GPL is, except that you are allowed to do just about anything with the code except sue.The license, at least the way I see it, is a signal that Apple isn t in the business of patenting language features. In fact, in a way, Apple is using their resources to gobble up space that patent trolls can never again exploit. Once a patented feature is released under Apache 2.0, I know of no way that it can be undone.
I don t measure my justification of subscriptions from the company s value I measure it in value to me. We ve really stretched the envelope of this virtue, to the point where 3 ads before a video and ad-priority UIs are becoming more and more prevalent AND justified - because people using free services for 6 hours a day can t understand that they should probably pay for the obvious value it s bringing them on a day-to-day basis.
The impression I had from the article is that they re soliciting new projects that make use of the broken Kepler. It s not completely cactus, it just can t fulfil its original mission anymore.This strikes me as an excellent thing to do - if they can find a project that can fund the ongoing costs of Kepler, then it makes sense to reuse it.
Try gitcoin.co, you may start off working earning and learning from there.
Is there any scientist science communicators that this criticism wouldn t apply to?As far as criticism goes, I appreciate how professionally you stated this PSA. Most don t make the same points as gracefully. Best of luck with your studies.
Probably, but I would imagine it would be a lower priority compared to NIC or CPU based backdoors.Considering that China controls most of the NIC supply, I doubt they would be too concerned about implementing a GPU based backdoor.I m surprised that we still don t have a cheap domestic Data Diode option. It is clear that only way to be secure is to never directly connect to internet.
I wrote a blog post a while back about my experiments with Homebrew, which covers most of the major security concerns I have with it. I hope it s clear from the post linked below that I went into the process with an open mind, and even positive expectations, because so many people really like Homebrew. But, I was alarmed at the implications of some of the decisions they ve made I understand why they made the design choices they made, but I don t think the trade off is even close to worth it. It is, as noted, particularly scary for server use, but I would be hesitant to use it for any purpose. that post was written, I continued to tinker with Homebrew because it is so popular, it was really hard to completely toss it aside , but found a number of other problems. While it has lots of packages and they are often very up to date, updating over time and upgrading downgrading versions, both proved fragile.In a world with so many really good package managers, I find it unfortunate that the one that captured so many people s imagination and enthusiasm is broken by design, and in ways that have been understood for decades even before good package managers, it was understood that you don t run all your servers as the same user . Or, at the very least, cannot ever be a general purpose package manager for operating systems if you understand the limitations and know you can never safely deploy to servers using Homebrew, and only ever use it on private development laptop desktop systems, then I won t judge. I understand it is easy to use, has a lot of packages, and has a lot of good documentation. Those are good things.Anyway, I m a packaging nerd. It s a thing I m weirdly passionate about I ve contributed patches to yum in the distant past, have been a maintainer of packages for all sorts of operating systems and OSS and commercial projects, and I maintain the package repositories for my company s products and projects . I have strong opinions, but they are based on much much! more than average experience over the past two decades I ve spent a lot of time building packages for Linux, Windows, Mac OS X, Solaris, FreeBSD, etc. . It may even be the technical area I have spent the most time on, since it s been consistent across nearly every company and project I ve ever worked for on. Homebrew strikes me as a huge step backward.
The most wonderful thing about mathematics and by extension logic is that we don t have to give a shit what random people like yourself want to guess on the internet. We have actual proof checkers. They can show the correctness of proof terms for exfalso from more basic, more obviously correct principles. Those proof terms can t be dismantled they re proved correct no matter how much you whine that you don t like them.
Make claims, get more likes.
Have you tried dual-booting the newest OS from an SD or USB memory card? Hold down the Option key at power on and it prompts you for boot device.It runs a bit slower, but at least you can try it out.
I m thrilled to report that uBlock Origin completely strips out this spam on the search results page. I was worried that it might take some time to filter out this noise from the search results page, but apparently not!
The one generated after looking at completely random noise on the bottom row, second from the right me very heavily of The Starry Night imagery.I never had much luck with generative networks. I did some work putting RBMs on a GPU partly because I d seen Hinton talk showing starting with a low level description and feeding it forwards, but always ended up with highly unstable networks myself.
A biased coin usually means that one side has a greater chance of falling up, but they have both heads and tails, so p H p T is still 1
I think you are adding extra steps that are not needed. The programming model requires the JVM there are a few tools that compile Java directly to native code. There are tools that compile it to java script, and there are beta quality tools that compile it to WASM.
Docker solved most of my problems but I used to simply have another user account on my home machine so my personal stuff doesn t mix with work. Makes it harder to get distracted by personal things, too.
Proof of work is climate arson.
Forward thinking!Not really, I think. Doesn t it directly follow from FTA b Motorola s 700 page manual for the system even showed how to use the 6800 family to create a complete Point-of-Sale terminal ?In the 1970s, how would you connect that to a computer without a modem?
I m not a fan of Uber, but it seems like it s their right to decide who is allowed to use their service.It s not their right to operate where they are prohibited, and it s also not their right to feed people believed to be enforcing that prohibition false information to prevent themselves from being busted for violating that prohibition.
It d be neat if extension stores could integrate with some CI system s . The store could just tell the user built from . Best of both worlds.
with Hugo and Tachyons CSS. Runs on Nginx http 2 on an upcloud VM.Not updated as often as I like hoped, but still pretty proud of what is in there so far, particularly the ZFS write-up.
I wouldn t be surprised if White Collar drew from this, especially for the art thievery, considering how liberally it drew from the life career of Frank Abagnale as an FBI consultant.
People love to hate main stream media
Now I don t know what to believe.
Librarians are not overworked the way pharmacists are.To give you an idea, in a nearby Walgreens, we have pharmacists snapping at customers saying We got your prescription only two days ago. It s not going to be ready that quickly!
A DCMA request should also include a statement claiming truthiness at penalty of perjury, shouldn t it?
I ve done waterfall and agile over 20 years and have yet to see a SCRUM like system deliver for either the business or the developers.Agile regardless of SCRUM, Sprints, LEAN, KANBAN etc only works where the whole project breathes it from business client to support. The contract can t be fixed term, fixed price and fixed scope and be agile. The closer you get the client to the project, the higher the chance of success because only they truly know where to cut scope or what minimum viable release looks like. There should be no surprises, fast loops I don t love that feature but I can wait until next release, it s good enough for now and financial realism.How you then organise yourselves doesn t really matter. Right now I m at a company that s multi-tenant kanban, we release when the code is ready. That could be every 2 days, it might be once every 3 weeks. The product manager, who is very close the customers, decides when to push what s been coded out. It gets merged and then into the test UAT pipe. Releases are cheap, test has a lots of regression automation. I describe it to management as a river. Keep the tickets flowing like water. Get rocks out the river, make it wider with more people or faster with better tech stack devops etc.Everywhere I ve worked that has had a strict SCRUM ended up being micro-waterfall where devs might story point 1 sprint but the management would plan out the next 5 to get to a release date, story points were converted into estimates, which were converted into deadlines, guesses became promises and scope could never be cut. Developers end up burning out and that vital domain knowledge is lost the worst companies think devs are interchangeable . It was almost worse than waterfall because with waterfall the project managers got the blame, with SCRUM, it s the devs that carry the can. As one colleague said after a ridiculous meeting where our story point estimate was being compared with another team on another project in another country it s just a stick to beat developers with . And he was right.You mileage might vary! My experience only.
Thanks for the feedback Michael.There is actually a very nice assignment feature built into the platform. Essentially what it allows a student to do is complete an assignment within the platform and then just hit submit. When submitted, the assignment goes into a queue within the same environment for the teacher to open up, grade and return to the student. All of this happens within one environment with no download or management of files.Basically imagine if Microsoft word had a submit button for assignments, such that when you submit an assignment the teacher simply opens up word and the assignment would be there ie there is no download or managing of multiple files.
The plane was manufactured in 1987 and has been flown 454 hours and 24 Minutes of the estimated 5000 hours it is capable off. Anyone know why there is a 5000 hour limit?
I don t think it s clickbait... when I think of clickbait I typically think of something that is either 1 exaggerated or misleading in order to induce a click e.g. Tucson dying of thirst! , or 2 uses tricky, withholding language to induce a click e.g. Tucson drew water from Colorado River, you won t BELIEVE what happened next! .In this case, it s an accurate description of the phenomenon discussed directly in the article.
Well, I could suggest lots of ideas better than giving them stuff while leaving them living on the streets.
A big part of me got over my past failures and just moved on. For me this is big and has allowed me to successfully take on new clients and explore the larger world of a freelance web dev. I learned that it s not about the perceived failure or success in anyone s perspective but my own. We re human beings very flawed at best creatures and our communication breakdowns happen, but it s not about those breakdowns. Rather, what we do with them afterward.Oh yeah, and I climbed a mountain this year. Next year I m going to climb two.
Well, we need to turn that thinking around or our country will be more completely fucked. We need people who cook food and build houses and dig trenches, so we need to figure out how to make those people well-enough paid to live a life with dignity. There are tons of low-skill jobs that just need to get done.
you re right, there are multiple varieties of distortion and bias in media, ranging all the way from outright fabrication fakenews to mild editorial bias.however...the bloomberg piece here is about as extreme as you can get in terms of distortion and bias. it s not precisely fakenews but it is deliberately misleading, and therefore a kind of disinformation in its own right.
That article keeps mentioning the performance drawbacks of checking for errors, but I really can t imagine error checking to have any noticeable performance impact at all, unless you re going to the server just to validate input prior to sending. Why treat it as a serious consideration? Seems like that will just mislead inexperienced JS devs.
sounds like a lot of work to just get around buying content
Remote-first is the future. I m not sure why anyone would be against it. No one is forcing you to work from home. From a compliance and operations perspective a remote-first company is effectively forced to do a lot of things many companies do not or will not undertake - Make meetings accessible to everyone- Communicate more effectively and transparently internal to the organization and even externally, for the adventurous types The main downsides of working from home which is not necessarily remote-first - not seeing your colleagues in person, life work separation, etc. will be a new industry that will end up resolving itself. I ve seen office space costs. It would be cheaper to fly literally every employee out once a quarter and throw a giant party than to maintain an office space sized for the same amount of people by an order of magnitude in a large, popular city NYC office space is approximately 100 sqft month - a desk sized for two monitors, a keyboard and writing space is about 2 x 4 minimum, so 8sqft, or 800 month just for a single person in a nice space In other words, being forced to do anything - whether that was working from home or from an office - is an oppressive activity. Remote-first simply gives back that freedom of choice. Companies can maintain more minimalist offices for those who insist, and coworking spaces will grow for those who don t like the office and want separation, and finally those who have the space in their homes can work from home.I d be curious to hear a good argument against all organizations that can be remote-first being remote-first.
Flip that around it s like you re comparing Downtown Paris to Macon, Georgia. Keep it apples to apples and chances are they ll be somewhat closer.
I m not sure what point this is trying to make. None of these countries want to be part of the old Soviet Union.
My solution is to put the buffer implementation into a module that is used as a dependency for a standardized buffer functionality. That way, if I know a piece-buffer or rope will be more efficient, I can choose which implementation to fills the dependency.
There are similar rumours - and have been for years, before the creation of the actual Yakuza game about SEGA as well.The launch of the game did nothing to help those rumours, but certainly made it a bit more difficult to find information about online. P
You can almost certainly improve how you sit down. A lot of people just sort of flop down and sit with their hips slid forward and a pronounced bend in their back. Anecdotally I have also noticed many of the same people complaining about a lack of legroom in trains, airplanes, cars and so on.If they would simply sit down by pushing their butt and lower back into the chair instead of lazily flopping down, there would be plenty of space. Not directed at those people with long legs, who do have genuine legroom issues even when sitting up straight
Well, on the linked product page they chose to write This item is not compatible with the Framework Laptop. Since they think it s not compatible, I think that warning should be more prominent.
flagged
pragmas don t contain the code but just the directives Agreed. I am using pragmas in my Ph.D. thesis. I think pragma should contain some information for the compiler and the compiler can apply binding phase for things referenced in pragma. No more. Having code in pragma is too much.
I don t care how nice he is in person, just as I don t care how mean Steve Jobs was. I judge people by the products they put out. If his product perpetuates the power structures of Silicon Valley and gives insiders special access then he s actually not a very nice guy.
How old are you?
regardless of whether it is the right thing to do, what he is trying to do could be improved by being more like pagerank. i don t have an opinion on whether it is the right thing to do i haven t given that much thought.
I don t know what criteria is being used to claim Texas is American s most diverse city but simple checking the census data shows that is provably false.ALSO, WTF is up with the whole mixing in Hispanic in such a strange way in the census? Seems super fishy like someone wanted to paint a certain kind of picture but if they just plainly list ethnicities they don t get to make the story they want to tell.
Then there s x86 7406 LoC
Measure a group of humans on N traits and take the individual average of each trait. For surprisingly small N think 10-ish, but obviously depending on your group size , it s highly likely that no human in your group or even in existence falls within 10 of the average in every trait. This is roughly equivalent to the statement that less and less of the volume of an N-sphere is near the center as N increases.Sometimes called the flaw of averages . Of course I learned about this from another HN post recently
Looks like in older bikes you had much more control of how the engine performed at your fingertips timing and a choke --obviously this has to do with the carburetor, except for the exhaust release. I don t think I ever saw bike with that control. Pretty interesting.
We use the desktop client and our group often has problems with words being dropped not only at the end but also in the middle of someone talking if they re using voice activation. - It s usually specific users whose words get dropped, maybe their activation threshold is just low enough. But still, seems to me like this should not happen, especially in the middle of sentences, since the beginning of the sentence is recorded just fine. Windows 10 Pro
less overheadis it really? last time I read tests WSL was slower than VMs
Are you suggesting that Google is capable of aesthetic judgment?
Thanks! Congrats on the low level tools team! I look forward to having more APIs to really get deep into the platform
Hear hear. We shouldn t let anyone with a profit motive near healthcare.
It is interesting how the neural network labeled the woman in the lower right photo with the rectangle that includes the body only, without the head.
Our net loss was 178.0 million and 348.5 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively Is that supposed to sound attractive to institutional investors?
Also
It s not particularly biased to say that New York is larger than Toronto, in my opinion.
If we go down the woodworking analogy path, I guess the main difference between a library and a framework is that the former is a set of transformative actions and the latter is a set of building primitives.A really great analogy wood be a wooden window. A router planer saw in a workshop are libraries they can take a piece of timber and transform that piece in a certain, somewhat adjustable way. A set of standard hinges locks mounts and router drill sizes is a framework.
It s not even always architecturally possible - ARMv8 doesn t support user-space mappings with bit 63 set, for example.
This is what I figured. My experience of SW development at a merchant bank is siloed teams using their own development tools to support their banking operations. There was never a company wide mandate on using not using some technology.
I ve read through the spec, and there s not really much here that you can t accommodate with protobuf Service definitions. I do like the provider abstraction on top of push-based messaging services, but that s just an isomorphism for a protobuf server streaming call. Given the rock solid implementation and wide acceptance, I don t see any reason to use this over gRPC.
Underneath is a bit different. I don t think it s ever an adjective. It can be a preposition or an adjective.
drive competitors out of business acquire them, move to self-driving cars to the extent possibleThe problem is that they have no self-driving cars and thus just represents the most massively over-staffed taxi-hailing mobile app ever.I d be surprised if we don t see much more dramatic job cuts in the future.
No paywall
That the first app store approved is built on predatory free to play gaming money is also a problem.Those are also the only guys who have enough money to compete with Apple s lawyers.
I haven t done any serious iOS programming yet might do in the summer , but if I ever anted to release an app, you know what s the first thing I d do? MAKE SURE APP RINGS HOME EVERY TIME IT OPENS TO SEE IF THERE IS ANY URGENT MESSAGES I D LIKE TO TELL ALL MY USERS. I don t care the slightest if it s something Apple doesn t want you to do, or wants you to do over notification center, just do yourself a favor and create a direct channel between yourself and the customers so that you can send them a message whenever you felt like .If you had such channel, you could ve told them after an apology for the inconvenience it s caused how to remove bills, and that you re working on the next version, and the buy button was a bug, and avoid 1-2 star reviews, and sell much much more no one buys download a 1.5 star app .
a bank fired some old people to pay a billion dollars to a contractor who would hire the same ! people to do the job a bank is technically incorrect. The decision was a perfectly rational prisoner s dilemma defection from one executive cut costs by firing the expensive employees and hiring cheaper and newer , who went on to be promoted on that basis, and it was the next generation of executives who had to deal with the mess and hired IBM so they could absolve responsibility of a situation with no visible upside if successful and tons of visible downside if not.
the government will helpfully tell them what to correct. the governmentThere is no the government .The government is an entity of elected and unelected people. They have their own bias, their own friends, their own wants.I have stopped using Facebook because it sucks, but if the government sucks, I am forced to use them.
Physical labor is harder on the body and takes a toll. Retiring at 75 is unreasonable for them, they can t continue to work like that into their late 60s
AirBnB makes that worse by refusing to show you the full cost for the trip - so the prices it displays are actually meaningless.Booking.com has many dark patterns but at least it allows you to actually display and sort by full price!
Thank you. Your comment wasn t clear for several reasons. Stream ciphers are regularly blocked in TLS, compression can occur per block. Compression may be done per block, not just against a file larger than a single block.
And so is the first Kannada-English dictionary by a German, Ferdinand Kittel, in 1894.
Article doesn t say anything about ventilation in the interior either. The building sounds like a covid spreading hellhole.Even aside from the spread of pathogens not to mention molds, mildews, and fungus infestations , unless they are extremely careful about the materials that go into the rooms and their furnishings ie. no cheap particle board or plywood bookshelves or desks allowed, not to mention scented air fresheners, candles, aerosols, perfumes, colognes, and cleaning products , the whole building is likely to come down with sick building syndrome
Do Turing machines have a concept of undefined behavior in the same way that C does?Sure they do. For example, nothing in the Turing machine specification tells you how fast they are. Whether a given program will run on a Turing machine in a given amount of wall clock time is undefined.Here s a real example with real machines. Suppose you have a program with two threads. The first thread computes data and puts it on a queue for the second thread, the second thread writes it to the filesystem. When the compute thread has computed all of the data, it sleeps for 10 seconds and then terminates the program without checking whether the write thread has actually completed writing all the data to the filesystem.That results in undefined behavior in every real language I ve ever heard of. Whether the data is all written depends on how fast the CPU is, how fast the filesystem is, what other programs are scheduled on the machine that compete for CPU and filesystem access at what priority, etc. Languages don t define any of those things so you have undefined behavior.
I didn t know about this. Googled and found the Wikipedia about light echoes. Very neat.
Playing poker against very novice players makes it a more volatile game. You might lose big and you might win big, but that s actually good for your EV the beginner has no concept of bet sizing and that s where you shine. An expert playing against many intermediate player may end up winning on average 5 big blinds hr over the course of a month. They ll certainly have losing sessions as well.An expert playing against beginners might lose 50 of the hands they get involved in still, and make a ton more money on the ones they win. It s the difference between an average of 5 big blinds hr, and 50 big blinds hr.I m not an expert by the way, I just consider myself an advanced beginner , who can count on making 2-4 hr playing 1 2 no limit at the casino based on having played maybe 200 hrs of poker in the casino . Not worth it as a way to make money, and I stopped caring enough about poker to invest the time to become better.But you can see the entire dynamic at a table change when a loose, novice player sits down. Players no longer play against each other as much because they can count on the loose player to raise the stakes, and they re much more likely to capitalize on that.
Caste system seeded hatred and rolled-out sadists savages in India.What makes you think your parents your children your women your houses your properties are safe from sections of society whom you ve abused for thousands of years?Google jyoti singh pandey .
Probably as important as a physical store is developing a customer base of early adopters, tinkerers and modders who will support modify bugtest buy early hardware projects. Whether you reach them via a store site or events annual monthly quarterly is less important, than for a hardware startup with a new product to know that YOU are the place to go to launch the product find beta testers etc.
This cuts to the core of the ethics of the free market.I know, that s why I left it as an open question. They have an agreement with the shareholders to maximize the profit of the company.It s fascinating we let that agreement trump the implicit agreement they have with all humans on earth. You might think that it is ethical for McDonalds to redistribute money from their shareholders to their workers and their workers are surely poorer on average . But this is solely the role of the government, and private charityThis is how the system currently functions, but I strongly believe the system needs to and must change. For a business to purely be concerned with profit can only lead to destruction for all of us. They ll bleed workers dry, kill the planet and be happy doing it.
I think these mega billionaires do that as a way to park their money, financial advisors telling them to diversify into real estate lol. Just wish they d do it in a more socially productive way...
This seems to show generally higher incomes around metropolitan areas, which I would have expected. But there are some areas in the 75k bracket that surprise me, such as 1 Western and northeastern Wyoming2 Western North Dakota3 Northern AlaskaDoes anyone know why that might be the case, and where the money could be coming from? National parks? Military bases? Oil fields?
I stopped using uTorrent a while ago because of all the bundled crapware like this.I switched to qBittorrent 0 and haven t looked back. It has a similar UI.0.
How about sorry that I hurt feelings with insensitive wording ?Does only work though, if he is sorry, which is not likely.Because the thing is, allmost all rapist defend themself by saying the victim presented themself willingly and when RMS just declared that the most plausible scenario that the epstein underage prostitute present herself willingly, then he should not be surprised if people understand that wrong and feel hurt, if he has some empathy.Now whether he has some, remains actually unclear to me after all I read now but I never met him in person .Anyhow, for someone talking so much abouth ethics and leading a organization about it, I believe empathy should be a required skill for leadership, otherwise it can and was and partly is be seen as a bad joke.
And sometimes, in a crisis, it s ok to skip formal processes to get back online.No one is saying abandon all law here, that s a straw man
I can t edit my comment anymore, but I should have been clear. My family is relatively tech-savy My father is a photographer and a power user in a handful of Adobe apps. He manages backup disk arrays and can debug most common computer problems.The real issue is that malware adware? is so damn convincing that he honestly believes it will make his 2 year old computer cleaner better faster longer battery life. Once these apps are installed, they set themselves up in Library LaunchDaemons, Library LaunchAgents, browser addons, default search engines and several other places and they are absolutely a pain to get rid of over the phone.So no, the solution for them is not, switch to Chromebooks. Ideally Apple would update their existing malware rules to include these legitimate but extremely shady apps.
Ideologies and religions are behavioral tools. Whether we re better or worse with them depends on how they are used by the ones who control them. Delusion is the natural state of humans, at any time we believe that our core beliefs are established e.g. belief in science even if we dont have sufficient arguments to convince ourselves. it seems we constantly seek some model structure to explain and guide our behavior
As a non-American who has been subject to its machinations all my life in a western context, I can tell you with some certainty that its not really working as well as you think it is .. in fact, a lot of times when we non-Americans sit around discussing what is wrong with the world, American control over the western mind-set is on the top of the list, and Hollywood lies are definitely acting more as a liability for your nation than an asset. Its very clear that the CIA controls Hollywood, to anyone with even a cursory interest in the subject.
I stand corrected.Thanks for the info!
The 16 Macbook Pro that s going to be announced on Monday.I ve never anticipated a product announcement more than the new Macbooks.
I agree with everything you said, except MTBF.The training guns could be separate. Surely the on-duty guns are not being fired often enough that this will be an issue at all... right? Right??
I agree and have had success teaching job-devs to use and even create markdown files for project documentation and stuff like that.It s also frequently coupled with learning git and I ve found it helpful in governance processes where someone needs to approve or make sight revisions to something before approval. It s better than signing word documents and emailing them around.
If it s your app how not being tracked is an argument ? I mean you just can just not track him unless I m not understanding your point
I grew up in the Midwest, experienced a lot of great nature and hiking around the US and Asia, but live in Tokyo and enjoy big cities. From my perspective if the city is clean and quiet my Apple watch says 95 of my neighborhood has an ambient noise level of 35dB, and I live near a popular central Tokyo station , and has enough nice parks near me definitely don t need anywhere close to 1300 acres for that , that does the job I don t feel any need whatsoever to live in immediate proximity to amazing natural amenities, and when I do go to them, a couple days is more than I need.Personally I think that Americans just don t realize that it s not cities that suck, it s American cities that suck. Plenty of pleasant cities to live in in the world.
Can you post links here. I bought one in AliExpress and the readings were highly variable when there was no change in quality as far as I can tell. Outdoor weather hasn t changed. I didn t cook, etc..
Chemistry can help. balance its cost vs the cost of the stress making you worse slowing your healing, and it may be a bargain worth making... or not. We haven t got Fukitol tm but the natural pharmacopeia offers many options and human genius has expanded that beyond the bounds of absurdity.we mammals are good at ignoring things, too. Ignore the things you can t do, enjoy the things you can all the more. Ignore the things you can t prevent and ignore the regrets of the things you couldn t do.
it s gonna kill what engagement is still there
Most nightbus experiences start off feeling like fun yey everyone is in party mood! , become somewhat riddle with a threat of general menace think A Clockwork Orange and end up, if you are going far enough, being suicidally depressing because you ve sobered up. If you end up falling asleep you will end up in essex, alone and abandoned
duplicate, please check before submitting
All I can say is read the empirical results! It s what happens in actual reality in plenty of studies I can cite. Landlords charge the maximum rent that the market will bear, but the land taxes shift what the market will bear, because you can t make more land, and changing how much we make of something is how producers are able to pass on taxes to consumers. If they can t make a profit at that rate then they ll eventually sell the property, or develop it for a more profitable use.This is exactly the political purpose of land value taxes, by the way! Under a sufficiently high land value tax, the only way to make land more profitable is to IMPROVE it by building useful stuff on it. So if the improvements go untaxed you don t get penalized for building stuff , but the location is taxed, you incentivize people to build stuff lots of people need, such as dense housing rather than parking lots and single family homes.
Granada, Spain
Venetians, and especially the Genoese had large slave populations at the time. This source quotes up to 10 of the population being slaves around 1400
I was on a recent trans-Pacific flight where they announced after landing that one of the flight attendants had completely skipped over her birthday we crossed the IDL at about midnight so we gave her a round of applause for sacrificing her birthday in the name of duty.I cross the IDL semi-frequently and it always depresses me. It depresses me when I completely skip a day going west, and it depresses me when I fly back the other way and have to live through the same day twice.
SICP uses a John Locke quote to define abstraction The third is separating them from all other ideas that accompany them in their real existence this is called abstraction Oxford says Freedom from representational qualities in art. You can t say that and then at the same time say, oh and it fits in a byte. You can t say that a function abstracts some code.You could say that an interface abstracts a module. Or as Principles of Computer System Design says The separation of the interface specification of a module from its internal implementation so that one can understand and make use of that module with no need to know how it is implemented internally BTW, Wikipedia is awesome but I m hella not going to take their description on this. H P, SICP, DragonBook, ... some primary source but not Wikipedia. The above mentioned POCSD says The abstraction that models the active mechanism performing computations. An interpreter comprises three components an instruction reference, a context reference, and an instruction repertoire. MS-BASIC doesn t fit that definition.
Or probably just some politics based on beliefs and sensitivities took hold, as often, not specific to this company and topic? Otherwise, why not bring up this data to justify something that you know will frustrate some employees?
By the time you finished there would be new ones though someone giving their kid a novel name, a sports team or company rebranding, etc .
The event camera has no frame rate, essentially. Each photon sensor fires asynchronously. You should look into some of the applications of event cameras, they re near magical for some things like high velocity movements and such. They have other problems though, not least of which is inaccessibility.
Can t even get down to street level. Larger highways, but that s it.
I ve been using KeePass for close to a decade now, and it has never let me down.Great job!
Yes, dismissive comments are a problem. It is better to respond to new work with an open mind and to be constructive when criticizing. Still, posting another dismissive comment doesn t improve the thread.More helpful would be including specific information about things like a what we shouldn t be so quick to dismiss b what the founders have probably thought of c how to post more substantively or d how to criticize more constructively. Then we learn something.
Simple. Have a society that values things working correctly. The nicer parts of Stuttgart used to be like this. Jaywalk? People look at you like you re scum. See trash? You didn t ever see a single scrap of trash, other than around those stalk-like cigarette butt receptacles. In fact, when I visited in 2000, every outdoor trash receptacle in Stuttgart was completely airtight by law. I had the strange for me experience of walking through a major urban area without once smelling trash.Here in SF, in some parts of the city, you have to keep an eye out to avoid human feces.
Making compelling mazes is an interesting problem, and doing that automatically is a topic I watched a talk on a few years ago.While I can t seem to find a video of that talk right now, the presenter s homepage on mazes has a number of interesting things and some links I ll update this post if when I find the video.
Marooned in Space Time is about people who missed the singularity.
To live long forever is to halt evolution.We already did that by civilizing. We checked out of survival of the fittest a very long time ago. Making people die if they don t have to due to some moral misgivings about cheating evolution is no better than any religious argument.
somebody should undertake to analyse his handwriting...
Is there any repository of Excel applications like this? I would love to see what other people have done.
The core developers employed by Blockstream There are hundreds of Core developers only about 6 of them are related to Blockstream. Your conspiracy theory does not hold up to reality. have intentionally kept the block size at 1MBThe block size has already been lifted to 2MB-4MB with SegWit. Blockstream ... support the product they re attempting to develop lightening network layers Lightning Network was invented by people that have nothing to do with Blockstream, who founded their own company for that are 5 different teams developing Lightning Network implementations. Blockstream is merely responsible for the C implementation, they have no special control over Lightning. It s a red herring to claim larger blocks increase centralization when it s just data storage.It s not just storage the main issues are bandwidth, latency and IBD time. There are very real engineering limitations and trade-offs that have been discussed in depth over the years that you re just brushing off here. It s not as simple as you make it appear.
Yes. I don t take HN particularly seriously and don t care to maintain an account here.
Hanlon s razor Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Any recommended dev blogs?
that is who produces most of it today, but it is widely distributed, being found wherever copper and nickel are. Among the top producers after DRC and Russia are Australia and Canada - so there s not going to be some cobalt catastrophe.
This happened to me. I developed a computer vision technique that achieved a well known result but without the same constraints. Although it never surpassed the other technique for most images, it worked in a wide variety of cases that the previous technique did not.My major professor diluted the paper and added other content consistent with the previous method. Not just adding prior art to the introduction, but changing the meat of the paper so that it didn t seem like a departure.He assured me that this would make it easier to publish, and publishing was all that mattered. There were no bonus points for publishing a novel technique, and there would certainly be extra work having to deal with referees.I m very glad to be out of that environment now. I noped out of academia and happily dealing with corporate B.S.
I d rather have close captioning than nothing at all.There s many Amazon Prime movies I ve quit because of a sentence I could not hear very well and they didn t come with close captioning. I hate that so much these days.My pirate setup at least comes with auto-synced subs for everything I watch.
Node.js is excellent for web scaping, especially if you re scraping large amounts very often.
Also, instead of the button interface, she should check out Dasher text input
Because it s from 2016, that s when the acquisition was originally announced check the internet archive . The real news is that the court just approved the acquisition
It might be partly the other direction, too.
Well, what eats ticks? Bird populations in steep decline in North America, study finds North America has more than a billion fewer birds than it did 40 years ago
More resource fficient, which ususally means faster in execution or runs better on resource constrained machines. For example how well does it run in 2G compared to Windows 10?
Agreed! Ceylon modularity is awesome!
Well, my application level firewall prompts me if audacity attempts to connect to the internet, and I refuse it. Refusing firewall access to a web browser renders it useless for every website, not just a audacity as a service site.
I m glad I checked the comments to see if this was worth my time... question answered.
Did they sell this circuit board strapped to plywood as a product? Exactly, they didn t.They have probably iterated a lot, what makes you think they haven t? You have zero visibility into their process
This is excellent news! Remember, if you buy a copy of a good, you re entitled to enjoy it as long as you wish to. If the seller steals it back from you, it s ethical to acquire a replacement copy.The law may say differently, but you cannot convince me that I don t own something I bought through a buy button. I ve never seen a book or movie or game or album where the button says License instead of Buy .
Keith Fenner runs a machine shop and makes videos of his projects. He is thoroughly experienced and does some interesting projects.
I m an R person, but I used SAS in a past life, and I have to say, this is very wrong. SAS is nothing at all like an improved Excel in look, operation, or user-base. It can do much of what R can do build forecast models, ML models, even OR models , but it just looks very different.And the licensing model will make you pull your hair out. I ran into issues both with geography not being allowed to use my license on a project in another country and functionality hey, that s a cool PROC...wait, I don t have the license to call it I think R and python will win the day, but it s not because SAS is anything like Excel. And there are a shit ton of serious data analysis people using SAS. They re just all in the enterprise. Every Fortune 500 company I ve worked with used SAS except for one who used R .
In my opinion companies create such departments to stave off government regulation, by pretending to already do all they can about Ethics in AI without government intervention.If those people were hired for that, they failed spectacularly in their jobs.In a wider sense, the whole Ethics in whatever thing seems to just be a power grab.For example my country has Ethics groups debating Corona measures. I live in a country that theoretically is a democracy. If ethics experts get to make decisions that control our lives, why bother with democracy?
here is the end result. This account basically takes Instagram photos of the exact same location style and groups them together. It s kind of mind blowing!
It s not, but the implication is that they re touting their effort to be much more protective of the privacy of Techdirt s readers as they begin self-hosting their tracking tools, while reader data is still being sent to SoundCloud, a private third-party with a heavily-vested interest in user tracking.
Both men and women lie about their weights and heights. I am 5 11 . My friends call themselves 6 or higher usually almost without an exception are significantly shorter than me. Same goes for women s weight, they never ever would accept to enter that information. Filter will show us wrong results anyway. So why not lie about heights?
And i get wonderful support even on those I don t...I ve never had a bad support experience with google, from youtube, to gmail, to google apps for work, to some issues with my adsesnse account.Do those saying they have no support ever try? There are contact us links everywhere for most services, and they are really damn responsive when i need to.
You re obviously lying lol. I, a real person who definitely exists, arm wrestle the majority of vegans I meet. As one does! Pull the other one!
Oh, give me a break. The issue here were the fact that people were willing to break the lockdown, and not wear masks and social distance. All the countries that followed the protocol larger countries and denser countries were able to deal with the problem with minimal casualty. That was the real issue. Not this BS taking too long to approve a vaccine
The problem is google apparently can t deal with reported issues either.Check out this page of google map issues are issues with NEW status going back to August which I guess means nobody looked at them.
Can you provide any kind of summary, for the people who don t have the time or wherewithal to read a full Supreme Court opinion?
Sure, you can t sell light sabers. Can t you use a Darth Vader voice impersonator to sell vacuums? What about a voice that sounds like generic background actor 12?
So-called judges once ruled that blacks were property rather than human. We have a long history of so-called judged .Go read about what lincoln felt about judges.
Wierd response considering all the European colonialism and evangelism pushing their views violent down other peoples throats but go off
That s an oversimplification of the situation. A Q A based site like Quora can be compared to it s predecessors like Experts Exchange or Stack Overflow because the content is simply enhanced by greater participation of experts. The early adopters could be techies or otherwise, but they will notice the increase in friction for sharing and using content.Also the problem is not really signing up . As the article points out, downloading another app just to read content on the web feels like a overkill to most people even non techies . Especially when the most common means of searching for answers remains Google which is usually found in the browser.
A few people?IIS had 37 market share by 2000.
From around that age I ve found the Lego games work okayish progress is slow, but re-spawn is in place, and no progress is lost, you may need to lend a hand with some parts .Top down toy car racing may be an option, my son enjoyed an indie game, similar to the old Micro Machines games, but that was on Xbox 360, I m not certain what s out there for iOS.
Hey, the page redirects me to when I try to access it which then shows an error of The URI you submitted has disallowed characters. Changing the URL to works.Edit It redirects to a similar URL when clicking any links on the webpage, so it s broken with noScript enabled.
That s because the only real monetization on the internet is advertising, and ecommerce which relies heavily on advertising .Pretty much every consumer website on the internet deals with one of those areas. If it becomes easier to movie money on the internet, we might start seeing new dominating players other than Google ads , Facebook ads and Amazon ecommerce .
Old programming books really depend on the book Sam s teach yourself Java in 24 hours ? Or Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs ?
Hybrid apps are those which mix the native languages with Web languages. in Firefox OS and Chrome OS the web is the native environment. There are no hybrid apps, just web apps.
Obviously very much just pretty p if this neuroscience stuff were as easy as a cool browser toy we would have digital immortality by now.
That s what HPKP and certificate transparency are for.Google also require certificate transparency for all EV certs.
Being a millionaire is no where near enough for banks to look the other way.They turn away millionaire accounts all the time. You need to have many hundreds of millions under management for them to do their diligence so you can open an account.Most accounts under 10 million cannot even get cleared to trade high risk options. No way in hell they ll skip AML checks.
So, we appear to be drifting off topic here.The root-level comment is basically asking why the kernel needs to know anything at all about H.264, rather than just shuffling bytes back and forth between a hardware accelerator and a userspace library which has a gigantic complex H.264 protocol encoder decoder in it .I pointed out that in the 3D acceleration world, the kernel doesn t know anything at all about shader ISAs, and just shuffles bytes back and forth between a hardware 3D accelerator and a userspace library which has a gigantic complex compiler in it .I still don t feel the question has been addressed. H.264 is hideously complicated, like shader ISAs. Why don t we move all that hideous complexity out of the kernel for H.264 the way we have for shader ISAs?
Bracketed paste mode can still be broken by a malicious web-site . Does this solution have the same vulnerability?
This is a perfect example of how broken the system is.
If you listen to any kind of underground dance dj-related music, I never saw the need for any of these recommendation engines databases. Radio, recorded sets, dj mixes are always the unbeatable curation. It s kind of the whole point.
The P.I. Dr Alan Stern said at the Denver science museum a couple weeks ago they are a using as many of the backup instruments as they can to double the capacity. Many of the crucial instruments like the antenna have duplicates for the nine year journey.
Especially considering that there will always be more first-borns than second- and third-borns. I m not sure if the bell-curving is done internationally, but I would bet it is - otherwise it would be useless as a measure of intelligence between different nations. So the difference would be explained if Norway has a slightly higher IQ than average.
A lot of life insurance is term insurance. So the bet is will you die during the years that your policy is in force? Whole life is much, much more expensive.
It s kind of a stretch to call Tinder a tech company. It s a hook up site, basically, and they want to charge less attractive people more money for the same reason fat people can t find stylish clothes - too many unattractive people will hurt your brand.
28 here. I find it interesting that you re not interested in it at all.There s that saying a man can go his whole life without an orgasm, but if he goes a month without a bowel movement he ll die. It s true that it s not required to live. I feel a bit empty without a significant other, though.
Not to burst your bubble but I don t think they re not predicting X,Y,Z limb positions in that demo. The traces on the left don t line up with the video, what would they actually represent?It looks a lot more like the result of adding physical movement markers to a pig with an implant, and then mining the recorded neural data for signatures which correlate with the marker data. I d be willing to wager that s exactly what is shown in that video.
On the cloud provider side of things, there is so much demand for Windows Server on Arm, it s astounding that Microsoft still haven t shipped a version yet.
Probably because they don t care with stay current the PS4 isn t going to change much after initial development, so why should the base OS? Similarly now that the PS5 has shipped, I doubt there will be much OS development there.If FreeBSD or Linux weren t around, then they d simply purchase license an embedded OS QNX? and use that.
Happy to help you test if you want. I m in Adelaide.
Yes. You are what you eat.
I never understood why to run Slack as desktop app if Slack can be run in a browser with the same GUI and features. Am I missing something?
One advantage of urls is that you can link to a specific git sha, tag, or branch for a dependency, e.g. on github.
Eternal September?
True, the reasoning falls apart on its own.
Anyone remotely interested in this idea should check out Stanislaw Lem s His Master s Voice 1 , which is an entire short novel about how and why an extraterrestrial message would be encrypted. It s worth mentioning how why turns out to be the most compelling question.1.
Certificate based authentication would work in combination with a username and password. The private key could be stored on the school issued device.I m not sure why anonymity would play any role in terms of connecting to an online class.
Hey, no problem - -Mumu
Maybe I ve just never written anything difficult enough to benefit from it, but I also feel like literate programming would only slow me down. A programming language is a language, just like human languages. To me, literate programming would be akin to wrapping paragraphs of French with paragraphs of English to explain it. Sure, that might be helpful if you don t know French well , but for people with decent competency it s redundant and just a distraction, and only likely to cause confusion when there is disagreement between the two.But the beauty of programming languages over human languages is that because machines need to execute them, there is no room for ambiguity. Ambiguity is not just bad for computers, it s bad for humans too - misunderstanding requirements is a huge cause for delay, bugs and dissatisfaction of customers. The downside of writing for machines rather than humans though is that there is also no need for explanation of purpose or assumptions, which is the only thing I still add inline comments for. But even then, these can often be expressed in the language, and where possible they absolutely should be. If your code assumes some property or invariant, assert it! Or use the type system or tests to state and verify it. This way, the assumptions are constantly re-validated automatically by your build system, so the second they no longer hold you will know to reassess the code in question.I hate maintaining old code written in a convoluted way with a comment explaining that the purpose is to improve efficiency, and then realising that the code in question is no longer a bottleneck and the efficiency is irrelevant. If literate programming helps me understand the convoluted code, great, but what I really want is something that helps me validate that it even needs to be so convoluted in the first place, and lets me know the second I can simplify it again.
dead
I cant wait to get my 96gb m2 i ordered last week.Maybe it could even run the 30b model?
Any Zachtronics game. Human Resource Machine and 7 Billion Humans
When people die, they re dead. When businesses die, their assets are sold to better businesses and their former employees are hired by better businesses.I swear I have yet to meet a capitalist who actually believes in capitalism ...
It s amazing how many people put up with terrible software at work, complain about it, are powerless to do anything about it, and simply plod on. Custom tools with very fixable gaps don t get closed old versions of licensed software don t get upgraded. As long as it continues to work and the problems can be worked around or accepted, they ll keep using it.I bet that every finance group has a magic Excel spreadsheet that someone built for them years ago. But no one in the office knows how to engineer it anymore, so they keep duct taping little bits here and there to make it adapt to the business years later.
Here s a supersized XOR gate made out of supersized XOR gates.
Advice I could have used five years ago. I don t even know how to talk to my parents about current events politics now because we don t share a common base of facts.
I do the same thing with a similar tool. I like that we can just drop a logo in one of these generators and not worry about researching the standards for each platform.
This submission from a few weeks back argued that it is very possible to take too much
The V8 memory improvements as benchmarked in the official V8 blog should really help, but I agree it would be nice to see a benchmark for an Electron Hello World.
The best part of the story, for those of us who aren t overweight and chowing down fatty diets.
How is this even remotely comparable? Mengele experimented on living people, inflicting truly horrendous amounts of pain and suffering on his patients, it doesn t compare even slightly to what we re talking about here.
Banks are not companies. They are allowed to create money out of thin air 1 , unlike a normal company. They are heavily regulated by the government, unlike other companies. They are in fact an essential service in today s world. 1
Really?Well... This could be trusted or not. It is just on our decision if we trust in information that is given to us or not. Or why even bother in first place if most of the news are actually irelevant for me?
This is spot on. I mention in the post and the video it s an expensive board, and very specialist.The target audience is basically person who wants ARM64 PCI Express development board , and even there, some of the PCI Express implementation on the Pi s BCM2711 is... weird. Therefore some devices have had a hard time getting drivers going on the Pi case in point graphics cards and Coral TPUs I ve tested . I plan on testing Radxa s CM3 and Pine64 s SOQuartz too.I think some people still want a cheap ish CM4 motherboard that just has one x16 slot, front panel headers, and maybe a 24-pin ATX power supply connector. I think that could be made for under 100 and would also solve a lot of needs for debugging purposes.
Since workers don t have the right to perform secondary strikes, why should automakers?
The same goes for Google Photos. Instead of providing folders and other organisational features known for human kind for thousands of years, Google removes them. But not only to use search for pleasure. It is also to train their neural networks maybe?We have to become compulsive hoarders, to train a bot that will help us find things, we could put in the right place in the first place.
I don t think I have seen such a community. The closest thing I can think of are old-school bullet in board of the early 2000s that were kind of like this.Sorry for not being more helpful.
Pair programming, in this context, means two people sharing a workstation. No single developer code allowed, at least when it s taken to extremes.Agree with much of what you say and... how do the introverts get on in such an environment?...in my experience, not great.Out of curiosity, what kind of area do you work in?
This comic may have singlehandedly done terrible damage to technology standards, by spreading the meme that trying to create a unified standard never works and nobody should try.
It s where IP is a proxy for rewarding the original creator for the effort gone to. Clearly Kraft s designer just found the first maze that was circular-ish that came up in Google images and plonked it down and moved onto the next rush job.Kraft clearly nicked it, or where careless as to wither it was copyrighted, but we have now wondered into output of program territory instead of the much clearer area of did kraft just grab the first thing that they could find?You won t succeed in suing them - so this is probably the best option he has.
Nobody will download a desktop app to visit a marketing campaign about the future of IOT, watch a sports event, or to visit an online conference.And if they would it would all be electron wrapping a website anyway.
I quit my job as an iOS contractor for a big company to focus on a start-up full time, at the same time my wife was 8 months pregnant with our first child. If you are willing to share, leaving Big Co, at this delicate time, how did you plan family health insurance?
It could not be recovered by git in any way.
Recently made that move having spent most of my life on MacOS. For me it was the feeling of losing control of my system plus the recent quality issues -- feels like they re busy pushing new features out instead of fixing the bugs with the existing ones .I thought it would be a lot harder than it was for me, but in the end I m now much happier on Linux than I was on OSX. There s no specialist software I need that doesn t work on Linux, so it was probably easier for me than if you, say, work in FinalCut all the time.
If I recall correctly there was a large company several years ago who tried to prosecute a whitehat who discovered their user account pages included the users e-mail addresses and that changing the address to that of a different user would drop you right into that user s page with all their personal information listed.
This is about removing PFAS from your tap water. Using cast iron does not fix this. Reading the rest of the paragraph would have made that very clear.
Firefox Suggest sends Mozilla search terms and information about engagement with Firefox Suggest, some of which may be shared with partners to provide and improve the suggested content. To deliver smarter contextual suggestions, Firefox will need to send Mozilla new data, specifically, what you type into the search bar, city-level location data to know what s nearby and relevant, as well as whether you click on a suggestion and which suggestion you click on.
Dropshipping is not sustainable.
This is where I originally found him from HN actually you won t find much more in this, unfortunately. For the link or lack thereof between IQ and critical reasoning search for Stanovich, it s mostly his own research. For link between parts of critical reasoning and academic success look up Mischel s marshmallow experiment. Personally I never saw 0.8 correlations with IQ mentioned anywhere, so I d be grateful for a pointer.
The home of pub-glassing.
I find it really interesting that Apple chose to include 3.5mm jacks in their M1 MacBooks.
Oh WinRAR. Before my time ended with Windows 10-12 years ago, this was one of the first programs that I install on a new Windows setup. Feature wise, I haven t seen any tool beat WinRAR. Locking, splitting, recovery support, And my favorite, SFX archives msi file equivalent . Creating an installation program was dead easy. And they were and still are cool enough to give a perpetual free trial in exchange for a few nagging screens.
This is one thing I actually have missed - if I d known about all the nice readline key commands when I first started writing bpython I would ve definitely included them. You re welcome to implement this yourself ! Otherwise, I guess it s just a matter of waiting until somebody else has enough time and enthusiasm to do it. Maybe I ll even do it myself one day ...
Yep, this happened to me as well. There seems to be some confusion, which no one is addressing because they want the virility, around the initial User signed up for Product! Try it out! , and then future pushes based on user interactions or automagic sharing.You have to remember too, that we are the minority, and most users especially of services like Pinterest, which people absolutely love don t really care about this stuff, or think it s normal.
Selective collective punishment is a really bad way to treat customers.Russians are out in the streets protesting and even Russian oligarchs are speaking out. Apparently that doesn t mean anything to Namecheap though, they re all guilty. This is really a PR move, nothing more.As others have highlighted, providing services to any American supports war crimes, if we go by their logic. No one should be doing anything like this unless they are trying to comply with sanctions. Which, as far as I know, are only currently targeting senior Russian officials. Even then, sanctions tend to hurt everyday people more than the regimes they re trying to target. Does anyone really think that people in an authoritarian country can control what their leader does? This is the same mindset that lead to the Japanese internment camps in WWII, just a difference in degree.Even though I ve been a happy Namecheap customer for years and have recommended them to others, this is extremely troubling and I m going to look at migrating my own domains from Namecheap. Bonus points for being too cowardly to advertise this on your site.
Ding ding ding!The dark unspoken part? They don t need to worry about you distributing it domestically, because anyone using it domestically is subject to extralegal rendition and rubber-hose cryptography without a warrant.That s been formally legal since the passage of the PATRIOT Act and from the infinite renewal of the NDAA , but even Lincoln ended Habeas Corpus on a whim when he found it convenient.We don t live in a constitutional democratic republic, we live in a totalitarian surveillance state LARPing as a constitutional democratic republic.
SAT ACT coaching doesn t improve scores so much as get rid of some of the dumb mistakes If so, that still doesn t imply that rich kids with access to private tutors will necessarily do better on these tests than poor kids - just that anybody with the motivation to read a test-prep book will.
Dyalog APL lets you call to the .Net Framework almost directly, e.g. using System.Diagnostics,System.dll st new Stopwatch st.Start st.Stop st.Elapsed 00 00 03.5493601 That gives you access to most things C can access, presumably System.Data.DataTable and database access, or P Invoke to C libraries? It also supports the other way around, writing Class-es and using File - Export to make .Net DLLs for other .Net languages to import and use with Dyalog APL installed and licensed to run the code inside, mind you .e.g. text encoding using, System.Text Encoding.Unicode.GetBytes hello 104 0 101 0 108 0 108 0 111 0 .Net calls UTF-16 Unicode .Web services From it can be an ASP.Net language, or with MiServer, A development platform for web applications written in APL or several others.There s the classic CMD and SH which run a string in the Windows command interpreter, or Linux shell, and get the text result cmd echo hello hello Seems to have various support for ActiveX and COM integration, too. I ve never used any of this in anger or in production, but it surprised me how much integration it has. Given this release of APL introduces support for shebang scripts I m thinking the ecosystem of integration isn t great but I m happy to be wrong. This, specifically writing like a Python script, has been a sticking point for Dyalog APL for a while, I understand. APL the language and way of using it predates filesystems and was traditionally more like a self-enclosed virtual machine you power it up, run your code inside it, and then save its running state to disk in a proprietary binary workspace blob that only it can read back again. And when filesystems came along, weren t very convenient to write and save in scripts for a long time either.
I moved 100K to cash on Friday. I should ve been more aggressive.
I m Swiss French speaking and I call cellophane saran , which... is another brand!
I don t know what your definition of good programming is, but you yourself are the single best resource for teaching it. General, high-level considerations aren t going to cut it in this scenario. You need to take his actual work and turn it into units of learning by showing him how you would have implemented something differently, asking him how he arrived at specific implementation details, quizzing him on long-term support issues that could arise, etc.
This is just a guess, but maybe because our CIOs all screen our web traffic and would be offended to learn they wasted so much money on these products?Crap I left my VPN on!!!
They don t take care of crime. They let infrastructure decay. The schools are crap despite high per-pupil spending . They make crony deals with the unions on pensions and benefits that are not possible to fund.To expand on this point, why would there be any institutional will to take more than a token effort to do any of those things? It s not like they risk getting voted out by someone who isn t on the same side and will leave the root system of the party s power to control government mostly intact doing the opposite would anger enough people to not be in the self interest of anyone who gets elected .Even if you keep voting in different politicians who actually want to do anything you re never actually getting a major refresh until you get someone from a different party who aggressively appoints a different set of cronies.
If it weren t punitive, it wouldn t be a deterrent.This is why I don t understand people who are against the death penalty and punishing mandatory minimum sentences. As you correctly point out, harsh retribution is a good deterrent.
Yes.Edit SOX, HIPAA, NIST CSF.Government is not always bad.
I m not a lawyer, but what s likely to happen here is the following Soon, Mark Karpeles and or Tibanne Kabushiki Kaisha and or Mutum Sigillum LLC are likely to be charged with at least one violation of 18 U.S.C. 1960 for not having a money transmission license in any state. Even though Karpeles broke state laws, it s a federal crime by extension. He may be extradited from wherever he is to the U.S. to stand trial in federal court.What s interesting is that Coinbase, BitPay, Dwolla and every other current former Bitcoin exchange company is in the exact same boat legally speaking, and yet people still trust them because of deliberately misleading statements they ve made on a regular basis, such as last night s joint announcement. None of them are operating legally, whatever they may say. But mostly they don t say, because my company is already suing two of the three over this very fact. Many of them can be linked to Mt. Gox Dwolla has already stopped dealing with Bitcoin as a result of NY DFS s subpoenas to the best of my knowledge US DHS also investigated Mutum Sigillum LLC and froze its assets.The irony is that Mt. Gox is most likely in Japan in the first place because of the insane state regulatory structure in the U.S. So our state MTLs push entrepreneurs out, leave consumers high and dry, and make crashes of the sort we re witnessing now more likely. We need a federal regulatory regime it s a shame that the other entrepreneurs and investors affected--including the ones who run this site--are too cowardly to come out and say it publicly as I have. There s only one exception Greg Kidd, who is invested in a number of payment companies, including Coinbase, and now works for Ripple. my suggestions for what should happen now
Podcast link for today s Money Stuff . For people who like to listen and not read.
TIL he was still alive to this day. I somehow always assumed he died long ago.
Tried out the instructions from the article on a tiny Bevy project, and compared it to a normal build cargo build --release 23.93s user 22.85s system 66 cpu 1 09.88 total cargo nightly build -Zcodegen-backend 23.52s user 21.98s system 68 cpu 1 06.86 totalSeems just marginally faster than a normal release build. Wonder if there is something particular with Bevy that makes this so? The author of the article mentions 40 difference in build speed, but I m not seeing anything near that.Edit just realized I m caching my release builds with sccache and a local NAS, hence the release builds being as fast as Cranelift debug builds. Trying it again with just debug builds and without any caching cargo nightly build 1997.35s user 200.38s system 1878 cpu 1 57.02 total cargo nightly build -Zcodegen-backend 280.96s user 73.06s system 657 cpu 53.850 totalDefinitely an improvement once I realized what I did wrong, about half the time spent compiling now Neat!
Of course, I am. I have parents and children and neighbors and grandparents and the like. It s not that I don t care - it s that I simply didn t understand the upstream comment. I was asking for clarification on the intended meaning.Please, if you need help, there is the PTSD hotline for people who are having problems dealing with this new-new situation we are going through 1-800-985-5990
The point of the book is obvious, once completely read. In fact it s wickedly delightful and has nothing to do with Azad.
Yes, but the US didn t realize it was in a war for like 30 years and is just now starting to recognize the reality of the situation.
If you ever want to put VMS on that VAXstation 3100 m42, it s pretty neat to play around with. DEC people were sharp, like the Bell Labs and Berkeley people, and did a lot of things differently than Unix did. VMS was perhaps less agile, but more consistent. If you can get hold of VAX C for it, you might be amused to find that some of the documentation for system libraries has examples in BLISS instead.BTW, don t underestimate an old workstation with only 12MB of RAM they were often used for technical software that today people might write to require machines with 100x that much RAM. I did a little work on the VAXstation, for technical software. I also kludged up a gateway to one, from a TCP IP LAN, through an Ultrix box that was also on DECnet, since no one had paid for a TCP IP stack. A lot of important software was optional, little was free, and the printed manuals you could find were precious.
pretty much, when x can-learn-from-startups x
If the lifetime cost of the vehicle saves money vs. the alternative, it is better for the environment. Since fossil fuel is an input to all sides of the equation mining, transportation, and processing of raw materials. fuel for ICE vehicles , it is convenient and approximately correct do use dollar cost as a measure of environmental impact.
But it is absolutely true that pay has been surging since about 2014 2015Only partially true 1. High total compensation not salaries is limited to FAANG Unicorn employees awash with money 2. That high compensation has been achieved by stock options multiplying in value, thanks to abnormal run of the stock market thank you Federal Reserve , which is not going to continue with rising interest rates3. Salary base seems to be stuck at 150K for mid-senior developers in bigger cities except for NYC for many years now
A law in which country?Well, GDPR showed a bit that rather global impact is possible.If you offer an open service on the internet you need to be prepared that users and misusers will cause costs.However, if you block it for public access you as a customer are not offering a public service. It s the cloud provider offering a public service so it seems just a basic legal principle that it s the cloud provider who pays for misuse attempts to access something that is not public . But of course big corporations are not known for fair contracts respecting legitimate interest of the customer before legal action is on the horizon. I wonder what made AWS wake up here.
FWiW this network slid in unnoticed and unflagged in the past 20 days until someone noticed and pointed them out.eg 9 days ago Since then they re mostly rapidly auto-flagged.
Displayed on the end of episode 1 Terravision was a joint project from Weathernews International Hiro Ishibashi, Andreas Schneider , ART COM and DeTeBerkom. The series is a fictional adaptation of the events at that time and arose from the court transcripts as well as conversations with Joachim Suater, Pavel Mayer, Axel Schmidt, Gerd Grüneis, Martin Sibernagl.
I guess it s a bit of both - I m sure car manufacturers have realised that they they can lower the sticker price by bumping up the margins on aftermarket
It doesn t, but even that person might need accessibility tomorrow like literally tomorrow. I suspect that most anyone who breaks their leg quickly becomes a fan of the ADA.
By actual evidence people usually mean evidence that can t be discarded as easily as testimony.
Seems they went after him for other things
And now I ve just gotten an email purporting to describe my order, which I made through a freshly created account by virtue of never having used GOG.com before.The email lists seven games, only four of which I ve previously heard of, and none of which is a Fallout game.What is going on over there?
With an auto-flagging system, a comment might get stomped out by a small number of trolls.I kind of like how YouTube does their voting system showing both the number of upvotes and the number of downvotes .
Basic Latin American history, guys. Do a bit of reading.
Yes, but what is the state of the art of most server-side web apps, really. Even the most successful web apps don t do all that exciting stuff. Most are just pushing data around and perform well enough with whatever tools you throw at it. In many cases performance is simply not that much of an issue compared to other factors such as development speed.Javascript is a front-end technology and therefore it is really different and not really suitable for comparison in this case.
I try to focus on getting my vitamins from actual foods when possible. I try to only supplement with protein Orgain powder for weightlifting, and vitamin d due to inside lifestyle. The biggest benefits from sticking to real foods is that it helps keep my caloric intake down while still staying full, still struggling with that though.
Well said and relatable. Often, there are lots of stuff to learn during work is which is then forgotten and needs to be re-learned again and again. It s a wasteful cycle.Aside from the traditional note-taking apps, some ideas would be using something like Otter.AI or Voiceliner app for quick voice memos to capture thoughts on the important stuff to note. Or use something like OBS to record a computer work session so can then later refer to it but this is still just an idea that I haven t actually used or refined that much
a thing that puzzles me is how is only 4 faster in emulation about 30 seconds per scan line and so on the order of 2 hours for the whole image i m running this on a ryzen 5 3500u at 2400 megahertz. the acorn electron which supposedly takes 8 hours and 40 minutes is a 1 megahertz 6502 when running from ram, roughly, 262144 instructions per second. at 2 ipc one core of the ryzen should be about 4800 mips. if the emulation slowdown is 10 10 host instructions to emulate one guest instruction , which is typical for naïve interpretation, it should be about 1000 faster on this laptop as on the original hardware possibly the basic is in rom and so it s closer to 524288 instructions per second emulation through qemu-like dynamic code generation should cut the 10 slowdown to 3 , so it should be 3000 faster than the original hardwarewhere did that factor of 1000 go? not the javascript engine, surely?incidentally there is a rocket-ship button underneath the output screen image labeled send to beebjit which runs the program in about a second
I think that Rust is substantially harder than Go. At least extrapolating from my personal experience and the 6 highly-skilled people I ve watched learn both Go and Scala simultaneously.
Seems like his mental conditions psychosis, Asperger syndrome and depression according a psychologist who testified on his behalf should have been enough to have the request denied.Edit Apparently he s facing 99 years for the charges yes I know he might get much less . I wonder if he can appeal to the European Court of Human Rights. I know in the past they ve said whole-life sentences are ok but I can t see how such a sentence wouldn t be considered inhumane for computer hacking.
Which, as someone who is perfectly able to rev up a virtual server and install some web-app, including configuring it to use some shared auth backend, isn t as groundbreaking as I hoped for.While you may be capable of doing that, you are part of a very small set of people. We aren t going to see a revolution where everyone starts using self-hosted applications unless everyone is in fact capable of doing so. And without a large userbase to attract developers, the apps you are running on your personal server will never rival SaaS competitors in quality or variety. That in turn means that even people who are happy with the difficulty of self-hosting today have a lot to gain...
Men and women experimenters approached total strangers on a college campus, and said Hi, I ve been noticing you around campus, and I find you very attractive. I ve got to try this.
Standards of manliness or masculinity vary across different cultures and historical periods. Traits traditionally viewed as masculine in Western society include strength, courage, independence, leadership, and assertiveness. of that sounds positive to me. I think the toxicity primarily comes from people caring primarily about appearance. For example by trying to avoid being seen as weak or by trying to appear strong relative to other people by making them appear to be weak.
Cars have been a blessing and disaster for humanity and the planet.
We agree that you did make up the go-kart nonsense.On responsibility - each party has one. Don t stumble across streets glued to your phone don t drive recklessly. There s no point pretending one is the real responsibility. It just adds noise.
By virtue of the internet I have access to information on how other people in the Python community use the various tools provided by it. Thus I am able to talk in bigger scope than just merely myself. You should give the internet a try. Sometimes people talk about the tools they use like the post I replied to .
As an American, I find this highly disturbing, too.We need substantial prison reform, ASAP. And if the prisons don t want reform, then abolition. Forced sterilization is barbaric.
the documented ways that people tend to change when they suddenly have much more money than the people around themPlease share said documents. Genuinely
Or perhaps he is just not into Crypto and the like the like including things like Amway and Scientology .
The whole point is that we are constantly finding causal, not casual relationships with our microbiome.Just last week there were two significant discoveries For what is being found in long Covid for example, a promising hypothesis is viral persistence in the gut causing major dysbiosis and leading to lower production of serotonin. And we even saw the transfer of Alzheimer s symptoms from an old host to a young one.I think it just shows how important microbes are in our lives and what a strong influence they have.
I think his ability with English maybe giving the impression he was being flippant. If you remove implied meaning, it says only that I know it was bad for the company, but I found it fun .
A giant platform, with tubes hanging down to mine hydrogen and be a space gas station, partly fusioning it for energy and thrust to propel and keep it up, something like that?
As long as the work is a result of taxpayer s money, they SHOULD make it free for the public s access.
I have some bad news for you
That is true, and maybe most likely what s happened.Just realized that DTCC changing the deposit requirements seems completely non-transparent and arbitrary I agree it was a plausible reason in this case , abs could be used to help their friends in hedge funds that had shorted, out of someone paid them to do this.The fundamental problem is that the stock market has substantial different rules, for example see after hours trading, which can be used to take margins away from unprofessional investors.
The problem might be that all these things feed into each other.The California DMV can intercept your tax refund if you haven t paid your registration.Or if someone hasn t made a child support payment, the courts can ask the DMV to prevent registration of a vehicle.I m using this as an example of how the lines get blurred between different government functions.
Empty storefronts are a negative externality and should be taxed at a high rate.
What evidence is there for this distribution over the whole cortex hypothesis?
I m curious about the accuracy of the visualization. Specifically, at around 20M yrs, one can clearly see the mediterranean sea. The wikipedia page for the Zanclean Deluge 1 says it s theorized to have happened around 5M yrs ago.Does this mean that the data from gplates doesn t support that theory? Or is that just an artifact of how things were put together for this project?Nonetheless, cool project! 1
Cool to see our site show up on HN! Thanks for the kind words
Lacking this type of a group, here are some ideas to get feedback on copy 1 If it s a title or something short, take out Google Ads and see which ads yield the most clicks.2 If you want to get more in-depth feedback, consider a service like Disclosure it s my service . Feedback Army is nothing more than a front-end to Mechanical Turk. I d summarize what I expect someone to take away from the copy and ask those as questions to see if the reviewers get it . Also when you do this, small mistakes like spelling errors will get picked up. I see this all the time.3 I usually find a friend to read my copy. Barring those, I harass my sister on Skype. This works too.Best of luck!
If only Thinking fast and slow kahneman was distilled into something easier to swallow.These concepts aren t new. They re also universal truths about human nature.Everyone wants to think that they re in control, at least in their head. But until they come to terms with the fact that they are not in control, they will continue to do detriment to themselves and others. See alcoholics anonymous AA for evidence of this.
Switched from Amazon to Google because I hate Amazon more than Google.Feature-wise, I m just as happy. However, I trust Google more, but that probably boils to my hatred again.
this isnt a surprise for one reason , its the first hardware updatebin what 3 years
The reason mushrooms make us trip is because there s already a network there that they talk to the 5ht_2a receptor system But how does binding to the 5-HT 2A receptor lead to, say, communing with one s dead mother, or to forgiveness of oneself or one s abusive father, or to a creative breakthrough on a problem you ve been struggling with for months or years, or to an encounter with one s god, or to the realization that you we are god, or to curing treating depression or addiction, etc?These are open questions that science doesn t have very satisfying answers to yet.
Worth pointing out that on PyPy you effectively get this for free..
I think a better title might be Memorize Exponentially because that seems to be the true gist of the article.There are undoubtedly many areas in which memorization is useful. I tend to use memorization as a second-order tool, in the sense that it is only useful to memorize once I ve learned that memorization would be necessary.I memorize combinations to locks I unlock frequently. I memorize names of items I sell in my shop so I don t have to look them up over and over again.In school I often memorized equations just long enough to get by. The few that are still with me are not those I used most frequently they are the equations I understood at a visceral level. Obviously this means I am more conversant in Newtonian happenings than quantum concerns, so maybe there is a place for memorization. Or perhaps I lack sufficient experience in the quantum to really feel the laws that govern the smallest realms.Either way the article paints a dull picture of learning. What of the feeling in the minds and hands of those future carpenters swinging their first hammer blows? What of the deep learning of the pianist that happens only after the transition from the first concerto as audience to the latest as featured virtuoso?An exponential increase in the type of learning furthered by spaced repetition might be useful to some. I still prefer the linear road to understanding.
We re using recursion at company to validate user inputs because it s a user-defined tree of unknown depth.
2010s. I believe it was on Cermak several blocks west of the L. IDK if still there or not.
This question and your answer are so relatable. I now realize I was close to burning out, without me knowing it at the time.I ve changed jobs recently and this made me so much happier still programming full-time but working in a new domain, new language, new but positive people renewed my joy in building stuff.
Totally agree.When I started writing python on my own, I dislike some of the PEP8, I liked two spaces, not 4, etc... But then as soon as I started working with teams, my personal preferences no longer mattered, sticking to PEP8 make made life way easier.I think eventually we ll just store the AST in our version control systems, and use interfaces that we will adjust to our preferences when editing, diff ing etc...
Was curious how a statement was converted to punches. Found this. only programming with 64 CHARACTERS
Have you tried SLIME? I m wondering why you put DrRacket above SLIME.
It s baffling to me why you would insist on consuming content produced by such dangerous abusers of your security and privacy.Because I m not an ascetic monk. And then thrusting your opinion that all content should be free onto all sites monetized by ads is further confusing.I m not telling you to install an ad blocker. I m just telling you I am.
I could. But we are talking about one of the worlds largest social media platforms used by hundreds of millions of people daily. There s legit websites hosted on these free domains and I don t want to kill those along with the scam sites. I ve mostly got the scam sites blocked at this point though. Just took me a week or so to adapt.
dead
Reiser is the only filesystem on Linux that I ever lost data to. And they really should drop the name, that s not just a wish but a must, keeping it is completely tone-deaf. I was all for giving Reiser the benefit of the doubt as long as he wasn t convicted but it looked bad from the start and the way he lied about it means that that name can not today or forever be associated with something that requires trust in any form. Funny how that works. Lesson do not name you OSS project after yourself, just in case one day you are convicted of murder.
Both of you are pushing a misleading agenda so I ll add a third one.Food prices didn t skyrocket from an excess of demand, and they didn t purely skyrocket because of corporate greed.They went up because the cost of production went up. Because oil went up so transport went up. Because grain supply chains were disrupted by the war. Every step of production has become more expensive. All of it was supply side driven. Not consumption driven.Almost all of the inflation in 2021 was supply side driven, but we needed to get away from the zero interest rate trap of the last decade so the fed wasn t going to let a good opportunity go to waste.
I wonder if the leaderboard should be ranked by karma x average comment score.
Their wikipedia page says there are nearly 1,000 worldwide, with 600 in the US.There are 5 in the Seattle area.
Likewise you could argue that the coastline problem is limited to at most the Planck length.Most models of stock movement are modeled mathematically with Brownian motion which is by definition a continuous time process. You can even more trivially show that stocks are non-differentiable if you want to argue that they are fundamentally discrete time processes, in which, by definition, they are not continuous, differentiable functions.But the argument of about what does continuous even mean when we talk about physical systems is another and older argument altogether.
Marketing push?
user covzzire created 19 minutes ago
I ve tried Unity on 13.04 Canonical s make a lot of tweaks to the environment and it s much faster and the apps in the dock launch instantly on click.Of course, I never use full desktop environments anyways all of them are too big and resource-heavy, and their animations and cool whizzbangery always distracts me and interrupts my workflow. I only use WindowMaker now with GNUStep apps with the exception of Firefox . It s old-school, but it works.
cool!
Limited resources as in the entire US Navy? Lol
If hearing aids which are just amplifiers help, then he s not 100 deaf. His brain still has some input from the ears and can learn which impulses are from the ears. The guy in your story didn t even realize the vibrations were noises at first.If you have any ability to sense things with your ears, you can enjoy music. This video explains why
Yea, I agree with that too, I can t say I fully like recommendation engines, as someone who has always veered on the side of independent artist in terms of preference philosophy I find them somewhat pointless, but whatever works.I do like them when they actually yield a correct product that is coming from informed consumers. I waste less money that way as a consumer. I m talking mainly about books and art supplies here, that s pretty much what I ve used them for. Makeup too, but that one, lots of money wasted because the beauty industry is it s own insane beast of navigating trends.I don t like them when they are manipulated by additional entities to dilute the quality of recommendation, and I think honestly this was the reason for their initial creation. But, open system, many recommendation engines work great so long as the consumer base follows the rules. The more lucrative it gets, the more layers of reasoning you need to compete against bad actors diluting the data quality . The more layers, the greater the need for computational speed.Worthy problem, worthless problem, I don t really know. I know the people working on this stuff aren t necessarily the ones inventing the problems. It s more that the original intent has been corrupted, and that makes some people unhappy. So, people work on fixing the problems.
But he s saying the style is bad. Therefore new languages don t support it, well. What do you have to say to that rather then reiterating what everyone knows that OOP is a style of programming.
The Autobiography of Malcolm X is still a great book that everyone should read.
What s his endgame? Buy time until the the pandemic burns out if it does ?Yep that s my understanding. Or if enough time has passed since vaccination to convince them that the vaccines are safe.
BioWare hasn t been BioWare since the founders left. It s just a name now, thoroughly digested by the EA sarlacc.
I asked my wife s kid sister, she s 19 and in college. Her and her boyfriend had no idea about it being Chinese. It was the hot thing at the moment and that s all they really cared about.
Problem is, I don t drive and don t carry a state-issued ID.These two are not related in most every state, or at least the several I ve checked, which routinely issue non-driver state IDs. They usually look and feel identical to that state s license except for the driving details.Examples CA
I m sure there s a log somewhere on the Internet of a message board where people called Apple customers sheep when they got rid of the 3.5 floppy drive.
The definition is too stringent to be useful, and I made note of the Wikipedia definition because I knew people would google search what is a free market to look up the definition since they don t know it and already gave at least a partial explanation as to why I disregard that aspect of the definition. It s a useless definition, it s like having a philosophical discussion with a solipist.
Same here. Although there is often some flexibility with smaller companies it is seen as unprofessional to ask for a deposit up front. An alternative approach is to break the work up into smaller chunks and have the payment for those resolved before continuing. For example as someone mentioned above an initial assessment of the issue, or making a project plan could be one of the first steps that provide the client with something of value and at the same time show you they do pay on time.With large companies in UK unfortunately the payment terms are what they are usually 30 days after invoicing in my case . If you don t like it, they ll find someone who does. It is up to you to decide if the higher rate they are able to pay covers the cost of the delay.
As opposed to the War on Drugs that just focused on minorities and the fact that cocaine has a lot lower penalties than the same amount of crack because of who uses it?Or do you mean that when the drug epidemic hit rural America politicians started treating it as a disease instead of a moral failure when it was all about the inner city drug problem?But either way, are you comparing going to a web page that stores data in the US that you can choose not to go to going to a crack house?
There s a quote Science progresses one funeral at a time but it s also true for political progress too. We re never going to talk older people out of their political views, and unfortunately, we need to wait them out. The good news is that the demographics are undeniable--the popularity of their ideas will die with their generation, and we can finally move forward.
I bet the Malibu driver would have a sore neck for a while.Wonder how whiplash cases have trended over time. Wouldn t be surprised if they ve gone up -- more survivable crashes, haha.
Really? If you have the time, I d love an explanation. Or if you can point to some other resource that would be great too.
can you give an example for an implementation of portnocking ssh over https and client certs?
Which one? Also, is that with a connection to your phone or data service so you get push notifications? Can you run custom apps on it?My quick perusal of Suunto s site seems to indicate their watches are more like a fancy fitbit then a smart watch.
Between timers and motions sensors, I m pretty much fully covered. There just isn t a reason for me to turn something on or off when I m away.
Why isn t Lua even a choice? It s small, portable, easily embeddable, lightning fast, supports high-level functional programming idioms, and is extremely flexible in creating and enforcing policies via metaprogramming .
I ve been solicited for sex by random teenagers and young adults on a regular basis in North Africa, eastern Europe and Asia outside of coercion and trafficking despite not being close to be famous or having significant amount of money.Simply based looking like I m from a part of the world where life is not as difficult seems to be enough for a number of people living there to take a chance. I could also feel how I was the focus of attention of many who did not dare but were considering making the move. A very strange and creepy experience.And that was in the streets and public places, I d expect that in the context of a private party the teenagers who managed to get their way in to be daring enough and trying harder, so I guess we have different views based on different personal experience.
I seem to recall reading that the compatibility between 68k variants were less then stellar. Not sure if it was Filfre, in relation to the Amiga, or elsewhere.
what would the consequences be?Twitter is not and has never been an officially sanctioned government press release channel. The consequences to government and policy would be trivial to none. Since most of the tweets from Trump are void of fact research or are bizarre conspiracy theories I suspect a troll taking over the account would go largely unnoticed.
Interesting. I ve had Apple proactively email me about parental controls along with an offer to refund what they seem to have considered excessive in-game currency IAPs.I d be amazed if the game publisher would have cared at all. No amount of future loyalty to the one game would have offset the cost of the refund. Same is not true for Apple or Nintendo.
Interesting point. I noticed that lately, start-up names sound like band names Infinity Box, I ve got a Fang, etc.
So the problem was that the trades were broken, not HFT per se.
I call that industry holistic agile because it is to agile what holistic medicine is to medicine.
Interesting how something that was intended to weed out bad colleges ended up as a tool to sell college on yet more people, with useless individual bar graphs for comparing schools.It s like putting warning labels on cigarettes, you would be hard pressed to find any individual that is not either in favor or indifferent to doing that, yet this kind of initiative consistently fails to become law or ends up being neutered like this program.
And the site is hosted on Digital Ocean
Hmm, considering after 2 years of shipping Druid as part of a big data analytics product, my company is moving off of Druid because of performance and stability issues, I don t think my company, at least, would consider Druid a success at all.We are moving to Vertica, because other products in our company use that, although I d have liked if we had gone to ClickHouse, which is faster than Vertica and Druid for our product.
rescuetime does this.
Yup, and for me, it created a lot of unhealthy pressure to Always Be Billing . Maybe for some people that sort of internal nudge is fine, but it made me push myself even when I was sick or majorly burned out lest I not make enough to cover my bills next month assuming the client pays on time, which they may or may not .Eventually I couldn t handle the self-imposed stress and, at the time, uncertainty about health insurance , so I happily returned to employment.
Is a basic intro, drawn by a criminal defence attorney practicing in NYC.
This is how it looks to an average consumer here is a shitty version of Apple s reader mode that doesn t really work, brought to you by Google.com.
The kernel version number stopped having any meaning in 2000.
Actually, the question immediately above that one, Won t loss of wallets and the finite amount of Bitcoins create excessive deflation, destroying Bitcoin? , really gets to the heart of what I really wanted to understand. My phrasing was really meant as a reduction to absurdity kind of formulation, as in what if all the Bitcoins were lost?
This commit is hilarious.
I winter hiked the Appalachian trail, starting in Amicalola Falls on January 1st. I ran out of money near Harpers Ferry, so I made it about 1100 miles.I highly recommend doing this type of thing at least once in your life. I dreamed about using computers at night for about the first 3 weeks, and then my brain reverted to a more primitive state and I never missed tech again or felt bored for the entire time I was out there. It s very freeing.Although if you re going to winter thru hike, winter hiking experience and good equipment is essential. A few sections ended up borderline mountaineering, which in retrospect was very foolish to attempt alone and with no experience. I did not know what I was getting into, and I got extraordinarily lucky a few times while learning how to survive outside during the winter through trial and error. Also had to spend most of the money I saved on better equipment, which is why I had to cut my hike short.
This is one of the reasons diversity in this case neural diversity is important in the office. I ve worked in a number of startup where theoretically take breaks, playing video game, going for a walk, whatever was supported, but in practice nobody did it. But all it takes when the management is supportive is 1 or 2 outgoing people that make a point to prod their colleagues to do something. Working with a few people that say, hey, who wants to go play drisbee in 15 minutes or pinball tournament after lunch makes the work environment much more enjoyable. On the other side, the company driven mandatory fun is a drag. It needs to be opt-in, often spontaneous, and supported by culture.
you had me until w3schools ... see
That really had to be the dumbest moves in computing history. What does the 2 CPU maker need to become 1? The 2 GPU maker, obviously!
I agree. San Jose is pretty boring by the way, but while you re in the area and if you get hungry I have some recommendations here scroll to the San Jose part
Yeah, the Surface is such an exciting product. Get the iPad that everyone is talking about! cough, I meant Surface
I mean, it s open source, so you can audit it. you can build the client yourself and check the sha sum against any downloaded distribution.
Sure, but that isn t the assertion I was replying to!My personal opinion is the wealthy gravitating to a spot are as much about it being a useful nutrient gradient on the monetary policy front, after the primary places are exhausted like the big US cities or because those places were less accessible now.But the original assertion I was replying to was that those places never had the rich foreign investor thing happen - when they absolutely did!
I wonder though if part of their algorithm will be percentage based, re based on the amount of overall content. That would likely allow YouTube to stay near the top in results, even if it has the most takedown requests. I imagine they tested this for too before they decided to go ahead with it...
Options as a Strategic Investment by Lawrence G. McMillan introduced me to the wonderful world of selling covered calls on my long term holds as well as many of the ins and outs of options wrangling in general.
One would assume that this would force the highest end GPUs to not be assembled in China, probably just another good strategy to ensure these strategically important resources aren t being manufactured by an adversary.
You think 2,000 is a lot?. I have over 20,000!
A lot of encoders try to exploit patterns in the data, and so instead of saving the raw data, they save the pattern , with the idea being that the pattern will be smaller. Different encoding formats use different patterns, so you get different file sizes
A big thing I ve noticed - especially on HN which is mostly white and male - is we perhaps fundamentally disagree on what racist means.To me I view racism as a larger umbrella. Includes bias, both on the surface but also more broadly what has been cultivated as a society. Context is very important in my definition viewpoint. centuries of historic oppression, which led to unequal wealth, opportunity, and more. ongoing bias which discriminates in hiring and opportunity and more.I view this context as a kind of prior to use a ML term I don t fully understand lol when assessing whether or not something is racist. While on the other hand it seems like some view racism as solely a person knowingly and vocally treating one ethnicity differently and discriminating openly.To me I agree with parent and I hold the larger viewpoint.Because of centuries of oppression BIPOC have less money, less opportunity, own less housing, communities are segregated don t have nearly as much ownership in the single family neighborhoods that community which drives the policy we are talking about.I don t think one can ignore that context, and its implicit bias, when looking at why these laws, regulations, zoning were and are being passed.And plus many times it s also explicitly racist like the latter viewpoint like the language Trump Republicans use about invading the suburbs.
Really? HN is full of fluff, and this post is decidedly un-fluffy.
The same way a logical argument or a mathematical proof can demonstrate anything.It just can t prove it empirically -- but it can very well demonstrate it.Your question is also a though experiment it s pure thought and yet you aim it to demonstrate something.
LLMs are the masters of bilingual bullshit, so really Duolingo has no choice but embrace them. The LLM stuff embedded in their existing product is challenging in a different and better way.
Here s a replay of a sample game
As a kid with a newspaper round I set up a bank account and didn t know what it meant when I was asked for my mother s maiden name, so made up an answer. Accidental security. It is a hard problem.
Alaska, Florida, and Louisiana purchases were contracts between colonial powers, not the indigenous peoples of the respective lands. Not quite comparable.
That might be nice for you but it would be annoying for those of us who use non-latin scripts.
What incentive to cloud providers have to give you that ability? I think they greatly appreciate the ability to accidentally spend a lot of money
Things like BTC swaps don t really have settlement periods every so and so numbers of often often 1 or 8 , longs pay shorts using some premium formula is swap index, and vice verse if swap I suppose you could construe that as some periodic partial settlement mechanism, though.
Indeed. I use Unifi cams, 3x4k 5x1080p, they use h.264. My system s current estimate is 19d 20h 37m of recording.
I m not surprised at the language it s war, after all. Bret and Alan Kay and others are saying, We in this industry are pathetic and not even marginally professional. It s hard to hear and invokes sometimes an emotional response.And what makes it hard to hear is that we know deep in our hearts, that s it s true, and as an industry, we re not really trying all that hard. It used to be Computer Science now it s Computer Pop.
The Facebook page loaded fine for me in Firefox Reader View!?
Same here! Off-topic - Which Scheme dialect are you using to practice the SICP? I m using Racket!
Aha!This looks interesting.Just to confirm, you mean this Duplicati? it says it s a client for backups which support cloud and local servers.On their page it says it supports Amazon S3, OneDrive, Google Drive, Rackspace Cloud Files, HubiC, Backblaze B2 , Amazon Cloud Drive AmzCD , Swift OpenStack, WebDAV, SSH SFTP , FTP, and more! Only local options I see are SFTP FTP. Do you know of other supported ones? I can t seem to find reference to other local solutions, so if you have more info that would be great!I mean, setting up an FTP server is pretty simple and with such a client most of the hassle of actually backing up would be solved apparently, but are there any other options for local servers that you know of just for comparison sake ?Any input is appreciated. Thanks!
SEEKING WORK - Freelance Remote San Francisco Bay Area Ruby Rails Herokucode years web experience, 6 with RailsWould like to try an Agile BDD, pay-by-the-story not hour approach. This might work better for very early-stage startups.twitter nycplayer
The EU may let them back in, but not with all the special deals they had before. First on the list is they would need to drop Pounds for Euros.
Why does this email service require an extension add-on?
You should not ask for a number of stock options - you should ask for a percentage of the company.In other words the number of stock options you get means nothing unless you put it in the context of total stock options. Its like saying you want 1000 coins and not mentioning the currency.Without knowing your situation - tell them you want market salary and .1-.5 of the company in options. During negotiations value your options at 0 - if they happen to somehow materialize it will be a nice surprise bonus.
Paul Fussel had something to say on that topic in the essay Thank God for the Atom Bomb
How many startups are in the latest YC batch? An enormous amount compared to previous batches. Innovation is a commodity because it s just become product market fit testing through brute force.
Should re-submit this when it s actually complete.
The hope is that quantum computers will give us an exponential speed up on some problems, which could again, hopefully allow us to solve some NP hard problems. This can be extremely useful for scientific computing e.g. protein folding and engineering, where computers have to solve complex NP-hard optimisation problems.It could also be possible to use the technology developed for the precise control and measurement of qubits to rebuild natural phenomena like the interaction of chemical molecules, something which is currently extremely hard to simulate.
I usually complain about the ever decreasing quality of the HN frontage, but today practically every single link is great! I don t know what changed today, but I love it.
we don t know how to mine for metals without using fossil fuels.What magical property of fossil fuels is needed to mine?Large mining corporations seem to be on the leading edge of decarbonisation.After all, who wants to ship fuel miles out into the desert and then burn it in an enclosed underground space when you can use solar panels and electric motors?If you re extra clever, you can actually generate electricity as you bring the heavy ore down to sea level.
Fun fact AI has done that already. 200 million proteins have been folded and that s all there are . Folding at Home is no longer a thing!
About the heat I have a MacBook Pro M1 16 and a third-party 65 W charger, it barely gets warm, far from even recognising by being close to it. Perhaps you should get a better charger if it heats up so much. The one I m using
Phoenix needs NodeJS for the asset pipeline of the frontend.
Monthly jobs numbers have been revised downward byt the BLS in every month of 2023.
The complaint was specifically about LinkedIn asking for the passwords to their users email accounts. Fair enough. He didn t enter his password, it isn t required to use the service. It is only useful for discovering more people via your contacts and perhaps to spam them as you, that would be bad .So they implement a feature poorly. Why the hate? The automatic climate control on my Subaru sucks dead gophers through a hose, but I don t translate the fact that Subaru let an crappy design get of an auxiliary feature get into production with the car sucks, I m selling it. Especially if my use of it doesn t require a lot of climate management which it doesn t in California . I might think differently if the car wouldn t start unless the windows were up and the climate control engaged on automatic, that would cause me to sell it.So I m confused about the LinkedIn rant a bit.
One more question what s your take on reproducible builds? I m personally interested in systems like GNU guix and NixOS which are functional package managers.It seems like a good fit to get started to build binary builds in a reliable manner. Are you familiar with such tech? or someone from your team
It s kind of a cliche at this point, but Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs really blew my mind when I read it in high school. I didn t finish it cover to cover back then, but it was my first proper introduction to symbolic computation, recursion, and the concept of a metacircular evaluator was really fascinating. It inspired me to implement a simple Scheme-like interpreter in C for my high school science project, and really put me on my adult path.
Notably, powerline ethernet destroys nearly the entire HF range, from 3 to 30MHz. This isn t just bad for radio hams, it ruins shortwave and some AM radio too.
Yes but the original point is that competent front-end devs aren t needed in this case, so they can get away with the bottom of the barrel.
Your previous comment is right there for anyone to read.
This needs a date 2001 . I was confused for a while why I wasn t seeing this show up in my RSS reader until I checked the date
Slacker Americans who insist on actually using the time the contract gives them might receive, say, 14 days off in an April to April fiscal year, in addition to public holidays which are roughly as numerous as they are in the US, but not on the same days -- people work on Christmas and get off on the emperor s birthday, for example . While it is very much not the normal practice, I have special permission from my bosses to be allowed to take the majority of my days off at Christmas so that I can travel home and see my family.The contract also allows for sick days, bereavement days 1 day for a child sibling spouse, 2 days for a parent -- I m just reporting , and days off for weddings and childbirth. These are, ahem, not utilized to their fullest extent. In practice, the only sick leave I have ever seen taken at my company involved a a nervous breakdown and b chemotherapy for metastatizing bone cancer. He got better... and came back to work! Our best engineer came in the day after his mother died although my boss tried to send him home .Unused leave of the first kind accumulates, which results in older employees in my company having literally months of it sitting around. They will likely never use it, and they ll lose it when they separate from the company. Japanese law specifically forbids you from paying people for unused leave because the government thought companies would force people to work until they dropped, then take the payout.We re very slowly getting better about this. There is at least one twenty-something male at my company other than me who actually takes all his vacation days every year. He also left at 5 30 for much of my first year at the company... and stopped after he was informed that, quote, he was less Japanese than Patrick is.
AirGrid Machine Learning Engineer London REMOTE contract or full-timeAirGrid is a privacy preserving ML platform for the open web. Trying to make commercial and advert funded websites a more private experience for users, through on device federated machine learning.We also are trying to drive the whole industry this way through open source tools are seeking a ML engineer to join our small and distributed team on an initial contract basis with the ability to go full time.Please send your CV and salary requirements to careers airgrid.ioStay safe!
That s the kind of relativisation that were this another medium and I would call it paid shilling.You cannot with any seriousness compare the de-normalisation of certain opinions, as it happened in the US in the past few decades, with the systematic, brutal, ubiquitous repression and censorship happening in China right now. China is one of the most un-free countries on earth in nearly every measure. Claiming that, eh sure, it is one way to do things and in the west they fire you if you say you hate niggers, so this is two flavours of pretty much the same thing, claiming this is the kind of gaslighting and propaganda that regimes such as China and Russia are trying to push on the West.
I m reading the book not his manifesto version. There are no mentions of bombs in his book so the fact that he s the unabomber is of no importance. He s facing the consequences of his actions good! . Doesn t mean that the book isn t good. would conflate liberals and leftists?The book is from the 90s. You have to factor that in to be sure that he s conflating anything really. Lets also remember that Kaczynski is a literal genius. Top 1 of intelligence. Based on this also I don t believe that he thinks it makes any difference OR it made perfect sense in the times when he wrote it.It s irrelevant because in a two-party political system they both leftists liberals side to the left. The psychology traits of leftism liberals are similar. The psychology traits of conservatives are the same no matter what sub-type in lack of a better word of conservative they claim to be because they side to the right. Wouldn t you call a neo-conservatives a conservative?Since Ted is from the US he lives in the forementioned two-party political system. Making the distinction between leftist and liberals makes more sense imo in the European political system not two-party and perhaps others.Left Right, the political leaning can be observed because of various clues and traits. It s well understood. In academia and elsewhere. reactionary conservativesAbsolutely! Kaczynski also goes hard into conservatives. You should read the book, he is also criticising his own political leaning. He isn t so political-focused in his book. It s more on the sociology psychology side.
Because you ve told it to by making your data look correct.Python executes your data the same way you yourself parse it by how it appears. Brace requiring languages execute your data using different rules than you use to parse it.Redundancy of logic is universally known to be a poor engineering practice.
OP here. I edited the post to make it crystal clear that I m advocating against centralized e-IDs. The post is meant to read as a warning, not an encouragement to go in this direction. If you read this and you re feeling revulsed at the idea of a centralized license attached to your internet connection, good. You should be.I really hope this doesn t come to happen, but there has recently been an attempt by the Australian government to do just this didn t come up with the idea of centralized e-IDs, it was already out there. It s a terrible idea, but it s exactly the kind of solution governments could be likely to go for.
The introduction was very dismissive of domain dependent planners. however such software has proven necessary for fielded autonomous systems. For starters they are explainable.
All the objections to creating national ID seem like ridiculous anachronisms given every other privacy-compromising measure that s been shoved down our throats.
time I have a site I m happy with.
You can find out a lot about a person with a UFIA.
Probably iPhone 7 8 by the looks of it.
Call me a tinfoil hatter but I ve always assumed that the likes of Cloudflare, knowingly or not, are a key part of the Internet surveillance state.It would be relatively easy for the likes of the NSA to infiltrate DDoS protection companies, then DDoS dark target sites until they choose cheap DDoS mitigation and bring their users traffic into the clear.
Why is zokier s comment meaningless? The article talks about the cost in bitcoin. S he s talking about the effect on the environment, which is another legitimate concern. Please read an article before making a meaningless comment that doesn t contribute in any way.This is unnecessarily harsh.
Because the device is just a neat bauble and deep down you know you almost certainly won t be using it 2 years from now no matter what the company does?After two years either you ll realize that you didn t need that sort of thing at all or you ll realize that that sort of thing is exactly what you needed and you buy a a newer and better one.
Disclaimer I ve ordered it, but haven t yet received it. So some if this is inference based on other reviews.If you want something built well, portable, got some guts and has a reasonable warranty support story - consider the Lenovo Thinkpad X13 AMD. It maxes out to 32Gb DDR4 with a Ryzen 7 4750U. It s got a 13.3 screen and weighs 1.3kg.Personally speaking, I was in the market for a portable machine with 32gb memory was not initially considering AMD . I considered the Dell XPS 13 32gb variant was insanely expensive in Aus at 5.2k just for the unit , the X1 Carbon maxes out at 16gb of ddr3 , and the T14 AMD a bit too chunky . When none of these were viable I considered the Macbook 13 a bit more , but a horrid keyboard despite beautiful screen , and the System76 Lemur strongly considered it, but the support story in Australia was a bit of a risk for my daily driver .When Lenovo had a sale on the X13 AMD, let s just say I could buy it 4yr warranty a dock for less than half the cost of the Dell Apple, and have twice the cores.Compromises were a fairly pedestrian screen vs other Lenovo models or Apple Dell, no thunderbolt, and needing to pull the trigger on it when there were literally zero reviews of this device on the internet. Jury is still out on the battery life too.
JS DR.So is it not degrading gracefully a property of the site, or a property of Flexbox?
I m a registered user and they did not do any notification. I didn t even know it was shut down until seeing this link.
Hate to admit it, but I had several domains get semi-hijacked using a cloudflare esq? technique, it went like this...registered a bunch of domain names, had my registar auto set to make all new registered domains auto point to cloudflare..some months later I found that a domain was pulling up some shady site..So I never went into my cloudflare account and added the domains there, but the dns from uniregistry was pointing to alex.cloudflare.. and so sneaky perps I assume created a CF account and added my domain name there and then pointed it to their server..I reported this - never heard back. found the issue with another domain, reported it, never heard back.. got busy.. found another domain name that had the same exploit , running through CF... didn t bother reporting it.No longer auto-pointing to cloudflare for new domains.Actually no longer pointing any new domains to CF but that s other reasons.Neat to see how people find ways of exploiting wierd misconfigs, I gave them major props for pulling it off, and gave CF non-props for not responding with we found person X who was pointing your domain without permission, and found all associated.. whatever.
If I felt it was so dangerous that I needed to stop and offer unsolicited advice...The situation was not dangerous, her actions were dangerous. Driving your 2 ton metal box in a way which doesn t endanger the lives of others, especially children, would also be a good lesson to teach to childrenAbsolutely. And this is NOT the case here. In fact since it is a vastly more real danger than stranger danger it probably do more good.Why not both?
The thing is that Amazon is so big and has so many other profitable lines of business that, if they want to, they can swallow losses on the one that happens to compete with you for as long as it takes to choke you out. You can try to keep up with that, but since you re not as big and diversified as they are, you will inevitably fail. What to them is just a paper cut will be more than deep enough to bleed you white. They ll raise the prices once they ve driven out enough competition to assume a dominant position in the sector, of course, but that will come too late to do you any good.
open-source AmigaOS is called AROS.
Have you tested that?If you actually have an in-house solution to providing better availability than amazon s RDS options, then I recommend you market your engineering solution to the major cloud providers as they will pay you very well to help them implement your solution to that problem.
Definitely _Quantum Mechanics_ by Susskind and Friedman. Only assumes that you are pretty good with probability, and the expositions are nice
In a future where most of the data of the 21st century has been lost, I wonder what future archeologist will think of our worship of Rick Astley.
To see the current value for different time standards e.g. UTC, GPS, TAI
Moreover, most of the money to date has gone to U.S. organisations.This is truly bizarre if you consider that the Wikimedia Foundation raises funds in places like India, South Africa and South America with heart-wrenching messages about donations being needed to keep Wikipedia online, independent, subscription-free and so on
You might want to wait a little longer than one night before you seek assistance. Anyone that has ever ended a relationship or had a loved one die would be seeking help.
This conflates the user concept of a buffer with the gap buffer implementation emacs happens to use.I did not conflate these things at all. Gap buffers, etc. are irrelevant a boring implementation detail. Unfortunately, _most_ editors leave it at that, or with a thin veneer on top of it, and call it a day. That s why I go to great pains to elucidate why string-based editing is a Bad Idea, and why Emacs _does not_ make it a first-class citizen in elisp. I dedicate the rest of the article explaining why Emacs does not operate on such a low level that in Emacs, in fact, the buffer and elisp are twinned, and that almost all of Emacs operates on the level of a buffer as that concept exists in Emacs and Emacs lisp.
This sounds like something Rick Sanchez would say
feels weird, i m not sure if it s about money or making a statement.
high range WiFi routerThe limiting factor is the client. Maximum transmission power is limited by law to avoid interference routers generally hit the maximum - mine is doing 1 watt on the 5 GHz band and 200 mW on 2.4 GHz. But phones and laptops generally transmit at no more than a few dozen mW.Transmission and reception have asymmetrical link speeds but your range is going be bounded by the point at which the client can t reliably talk back to the router to keep the connection alive.
Suicides, yes, but Reyna s at least seems like a special case - even compared to other inpatient systems. Acute alcohol withdrawal is horrible, and can even be directly fatal.If an addiction treatment facility overlooked that or declined to provide urgent care, I d impute a significant role to them even in a patient suicide. It s like hearing that someone committed suicide after a hospital ignored their need for pain relief - they may not be responsible for the death, but they re responsible for neglecting a serious need of someone in their care.
Assuming this is a T2 Skilled worker visa, working for an approved employer that sponsored the visa application is one of the conditions of this visa type. Very similar to H1B.
But doesn t that render the term so broad as to be meaningless? If someone claiming to be a police officer wants to ask me some questions, and I ask to see some ID, and they provide it, by your terms that is a zero-knowledge proof, because they can t share the experiential knowledge of being a police officer.
It comes in a number of versions and some of them fit in with the American McMansion style.There are a lot of examples in this youtube video
Apple s ill thought out on-device CSAM detection and thankfully, the removal of it from its plans after heavy pushback comes to mind.Calling Apple s CSAM detection ill thought out seems to me to be letting the perfect be the enemy of the good.Remember when everyone was up in arms about W3C standardizing DRM? Yes, the world would be better without DRM. But the DRM exists and will continue to exist. Arguing for not standardizing DRM isn t arguing for DRM to not exist, it s arguing for it to not be standardized. The encrypted media extensions let me watch DRM-protected content on Linux instead of being locked out of it all because none of the proprietary DRM everyone s using works on anything but Windows OSX. Linux and Firefox and a DRM blob so I can watch Netflix is better than being forced to use Windows 10 with all its telemetry, Microsoft proprietary DRM, and a browser from Google or Microsoft to watch things.Yes. It would be better if the government stayed the hell away from my files. Apple not implementing their CSAM scanning didn t get rid of the underlying issue or argument. It just means that it s no longer the tech industry setting the standard for how this will work--it s going to be the government.Apple s implementation 0 was about as privacy preserving as we can hope for. It only scanned media that was about to be uploaded to their cloud service. It did scanning on device and used crypto to ensure, mathematically, that they couldn t even access the _hash_ of matching images until such a point that enough images matched to cross a threshold. They had client devices feed in fake matches to obscure even the number of potential matches that occur before reaching the threshold. At any no point in any of this is it possible for them to retrieve even the hash of an image that does not match, even after you ve passed the threshold.Would it be better if none of this happened at all? Sure. Is this a _fuck_ of a lot better than what we re seeing Europol pushing for? Absolutely.Apple cancelling their scanning was a short term win. This isn t a new problem, and this isn t one that s going away. We can throw all the technical solutions we want at it, but it s not a technical problem. Sorry, can t scan user s content it s all end-to-end encrypted! . Don t care. You wrote the encryption. Work around it. . It s impossible! . Okay, enjoy your new regulation that all encryption has to have a backdoor HTH HAND. I d rather lose the battle and win the war. Let s put the most privacy-preserving CSAM scanning we can in place and take that card out of play. Let the regulators come out and try and explain how Well yeah, you re scanning every image for CSAM but, uh, it s not enough. We do really need to see _all_ the images people have on their phones! . We re not making an argument, we re drawing a hard line and standing in place. The Europols of the world are not going to stop pushing. Apple s big, but not override the EU big.When push comes to shove, we will lose. The EU _will_ respond with regulations. Maybe not now, but it should be obvious the way the winds are shifting. I d bet my left testicle their vision for this is much more onerous than what Apple was proposing.But hey, at least we can tell our children away from our phones or any other electronics, and probably standing somewhere deep in the woods that we were proudly defiant to the end. 0
I suspect many of the child comments don t understand how IWW differs from RWDSU.
I mean, that s like 99.9999.... expected, since they all evolved with a big light signal in the sky that operates on a 24 hr cycle. Plants, even more than animals, should be optimized to function that way do mostly resource production at day, do mostly maintenance at night .
Geekbench does though.
Even better, thanks for the context.
It s all very well to say that the market self corrected unless you lost a bundle w stop-loss orders that were triggered on the down-spike.
As someone who s received praise on being smart as a child, I don t think it s necessarily all that bad, depending on the mindset the child already has. If they already realize that working hard will lead to them doing better in school, then it probably won t have as debilitating as an effect.
I only heard about this phenomenon with shroom, good to know.
You are thinking of retail as cashiers, because that s what you see.But a lot of retail jobs involve the stockroom with heavy boxes and crates, and a lot of bending and lifting to put products on shelves.And much of Amazon jobs involve retrieving lightweight items from shelves to put in a bin.The jobs are not that different.
apologies. the rest of the feedback we ve got and doing it ourselves suggested it takes around 5 mins. I appreciate your time.
I d wager that s the goal.Media - music, news, movies - from the West Western Europe, US is one of the many things that sparked discontent in Soviet-bloc countries. It countered much of the propaganda put out by the workers paradises. In more current times, putting out video, images, and information has shed light on atrocities that are going on around the world. Some of it drives people to action.Anything the regimes can do to cut off communications is a win for them.
Yeah, they should go here price first and make cheap hackable platform that would be awsome.
Yeah, I actually meant edge plus which has much faster UFS 2.0 vs prior filesystem performance . Not that it matter. The HN hivemind has decided to love Apple at all costs and just downvoted me anyway.
No, he is saying, it s becoming impossible - and he goes on to argue why this is the case. That s pretty much the main point of the article.What s your counter-argument?
it s better to have a few couriers to many people than many people mingling with many people at restaurants. It s like logarithmic or linear versus quadratic or exponential spread.
Because it s trendy and has worked for some other projects i.e., Veronica Mars ?Right, and that s the other thing people can take offense to. Many early big crowdfunding project had a feeling of you re making it possible at all , that makes people think they can have an impact. I heard there s free money to be had ... not so much.
Assuming they are otherwise physically and mentally capable, they can do it if they want to do it.The hardest thing about life is not knowing.Once you know that you don t know something, then you can try to know it.I am talking as someone who spent a significant amount of my life thinking that I had to live and was consigned to living in one particular way, because I didn t know any other choice was open to me.
The bundle is 249. If you don t think 8k people would pay that to have lifetime access to components that look great and allow you to build a great looking website in hours, you don t really understand the dev market.As a developer, Tailwind UI is a god send, I ve been waiting for years for a great looking CSS framework with pre-made components Also, they had a pretty big audience already after selling Refactoring UI which is a really useful book for developers that can t design, like me
If you really want to build a platform and developers didn t come you should build part of the software youself or pay third parties.
What makes everyone so sure this isn t happening everywhere already?The problem Kazakhstan had was that there was no existing CA they could already force to issue certs. So they had to make a new one. It would be foolish to assume that none of the many trust anchors your browser already trusts haven t already been compelled by your local government to do exactly this.Also, DANE and DNSSEC solves this problem.
I experiment with NoSQL stores because they re fun to work with. Who gives a shit what the proper classification scheme is? Why are people so religious over this?
comparatively tedious languages like Rust will never attract data science practitioners.Well, fast.ai is using swift now.... I think it s fair to say never say never .You re probably right, rust isn t really the sweet spot for this stuff, but its also a case that python has some down sides that are pretty severe, and well acknowledged.
The poster you replied to was not talking about Republicans, the party , but of Republicanism, the political structure . See
It s very common in the C C world. The main reason is that you can easily use it in other projects.Until one of the C C package managers gets good and wins, this is the nicest alternative.Note that people don t necessarily develop the libraries in one big file or don t have dependencies. Many newer libraries use a single C file as a distribution format.The other nice thing about it is that if the code is small it can be more easily debugged and audited by humans. If it pulls in hundreds of thousands of lines of code, that can be a problem. Also, small code is a requirement on some projects because of speed or memory limitations.
Seems very interesting. Skimming the synopsis, it reminds me a bit of Dhalgren by Samuel Delaney, which is one of my favorite books.
Is it possible that the author suffering from undiagnosed depression?I ve been a regular meditator for a few years and one thing I ve found is that the the initial stages, meditation enhances whatever you re feeling subconsciously. That is why some people have intense emotional experiences at the beginning.Secondly, mindfulness is not a 10 minute scheduled practice. It has to be followed throughout the day. However, you need to gradually ease into it, starting with 10 mins.It s like pouring milk into a glass. If you start gently, there won t be a splash. But if you turn your milk container upside down over the glass, there will be a big splash and possibly spilling.
Likely because of integration with legacy tech.
I believe this is because wind turbines are brought online and taken offline according to demand. Nukes gas stations can t have capacity adjusted very quickly, and take hours to get up to full production. Wind can be started stopped quickly as demand rises and falls throughout the day Demand response may also be used to increase demand during periods of high supply and or low demand. Some types of generating plant must be run at close to full capacity such as nuclear , while other types may produce at negligible marginal cost such as wind and solar . 0 0
Thanks much! Never too late to learn something new...So from what I know about cloud technologies not much your description makes it sound like Kong is a Service Mesh. But then you also say you support Service Meshes as an architecture, so I m not sure I got that right. Would you mind to clarify?
I am curious, however, what will happen to people who really don t have a facebook. I ve never had an account, would they believe me or assume I deleted it?Diligently create a facebook version of yourself which appears to be a great worker student whatevertheywant?I mean you can fight the system, but sabotaging it is so much more fun.
I have been using xremap to achieve Mac-like shortcuts on Linux. It uses uinput to intercept and emulate keystrokes and can be DE-aware to recognize applications in focus for app-specific shortcuts.
It don t mean a thing...
Lenovo do multiple ThinkPads that have docks that support 3 monitors. Example and of SSD surprises me, one would think Gary Newman creator of Garry s Mod had need.
It s not really a solution though because you only notice you need to do it after it triggers a bug.You need a format that doesn t let you make this mistake in the first place, like everything except YAML .
For the readiness probe a simple endpoint that returns 200 is enough. This tests your service s ability to respond to requests without depending on any other dependencies sessions which might use Redis or a user auth service which might use a database .For liveness probe I guess you could check if your service is accepting TCP connections? I don t think there should ever be a reason for your service to outright refuse connections unless the main service process has crashed in which case it s best to let Kubernetes restart the container instead of having a recovery mechanism inside the container itself like supervisord or daemon tools .
Great! Keep up the good work.
I agree. If I got an email with lawyer pomposity in it, I would likely pretend I never got it and deliberately push back any accessibility plans out of spite. You don t have to stick please in every sentence, but you have to phrase things correctly. If it s phrased as a request, I would see an opportunity to make people happy and gladly go along. If it s phrased as an order, I would probably perceive it as an affront to my individual sovereignty and would be motivated to fight back rather than capitulate.
I wish Microsoft would redo the icons on Windows 10.I m using the dark theme on Explorer, and the yellow folders just look odd.
Is there a food bank in the area? That could at least help with one of the issues. I think it s at least worth asking about assistance like SNAP used to be called food stamps , Community Service Block Grant agency for her county , Home Energy Assistance Program etc.
Is a well oiled manufacturing pipeline like a Audi factory comparable to a new factory that has not rounded all sharp corners yet?I wonder about this as well. It would make sense that a brand new factory that is rapidly growing would experience more safety issues. No idea if this is a reasonable increase though.
More generally, a skeuomorph is when a derivative uses design elements for decoration that were functionally necessary in the original. Paper grain in the background of a word processor is one example of a skeuomorph but so are spokes on hubcaps, electric lights shaped like candles and the shutter sound your phone plays when it takes a picture.
I ve seen it used in games. Often serialised assets won t be text diff friendly. Two people editing the same data will conflict and it won t be possible to merge the result. The solution is only one person checks out the file at a time.
I think it used to be like that?My dad taught me not to talk about politics nor religion in a workplace. I think it s for the best.
I get that impression sometimes too. I had a comment a couple years ago on this site about how dumb it is that when I search for TeamViewer the first result is an ad for TeamViewer... why are they paying to advertise above their own page?But someone pointed it out, if they aren t paying for that ad spot, then RealVNC, or LogMeIn, whoever else is competing will. Seems ridiculous.
The Vive is much more glasses-friendly. Also having hands in the virtual world is a whole different experience.
I had no idea utilitarianism was an ethical framework.TIL.
Another small screw-up anecdote I once tried symlinking a file into my home directory, only to realize I had actually symlinked it into my current directory into a file called . I did the only sensible thing I could think of, which was to run rm -rf to get rid of it... After about half a second I realized what I had done, but by then enough of my home directory had been wiped clean that I needed to restore from backup.Always a fun one to share.
It s a significant hurdle, especially if getting something signed requires some kind of certification process and company identity verification.It also ensures that the OS vendor has a copy of the binary although it will only be the first stage, I assume . Without signing, attackers can push malware onto one machine without anyone else getting a copy.
Yeah, why read books when you can read online articles? Why even read longreads when you can read summaries? Why read a summary when there s a Tweet thread? Why read when you can listen to the audio of a YouTube video you re not even looking at? And so on and on and on. There s an insidiousness to online media that seems even worse than how TV used to be. At least TV, radio, and print were all clearly separate mediums. Now it s all hypertext, equally evanescent.
That did confuse me for years. I thought there were a bunch of child prodigies working for BBN.
Tyre wear does release particulate matter, but it s mostly heavy, large particles that end up on the road and get washed away by weather.With the exception of tunnels, where heavy particles are constantly being churned up from the road surface and re-circulated into the air, tyre and brake wear is a relatively minor contributor to urban air pollution.
And of course the record needs to exist to begin with. Unsanctioned assassinations of US citizens probably aren t well documented.
Vote with your feet. At least send your property taxes to a town that allows for at least some multi-unit housing Palo alto isn t great but it s better and right next door .
Everything is faster. Zero drag is optimal. For a while, new applicants would jokingly be asked about their drag coefficient. Since the office is a full hour s commute from San Francisco, an apartment in the city was a full unit of drag. A spouse? Drag coefficient of one. Kids? A half point per. Then they recognized that such talk, even in jest, could be taken as discriminatory in a hiring situation. Could be taken as ? It is discriminatory. And Epinions failed the Reddit team built a more valuable property with a tiny fraction of the time and effort.
Haha I knew there had to be a name to the trick of launching something without having it built. I use it all the time. ie. Before we added a games section to our site, I just put a games link up in the navigation to a blank page to see how many people click on it overnight.One of my fav. talks for sure!
Original Title was 32 Team Building Movies to Inspire Your Team Keywords Teams, Goals, Goalsetting, Teamwork, NOT The Office , etc.
Same for me. My ISP uses CGNAT, so I essentially share an IP address with hundreds to thousands of other people. Who knows which one of us upset their naive DDoS protection.
NEW YORK, NY and SAN FRANCISCO, CA - Experienced JavaScript DevelopersSeeking developers for work with AngularJS and other JavaScript frameworks.Salaries for experienced JavaScript devs are skyrocketing thanks to popular frameworks like AngularJS. get left behind.Make 150K as a Senior Developer.AngularJobs.com recruits developers for bleeding-edge JavaScript angular.js opportunities me with questions brian angularjobs.com
Indeed, many people seem to think the market solves all problems. In a sense it does, but only in a very specific sense. Like, if we there was some loophole in the law that allowed killing people with a pistol, the market would respond by making bullet-proof vests expensive, and by producing cheap, but bad protection vests. And guns, of course. It wouldn t solve the killing, but it would solve the question how much can you spend to protect your life ? Perhaps it would make food cheaper. The market is a sick joke.In this case, the free market can solve the problem how high can the electricity price go, or how many power outages can there be, until people are sick and tired of this Bitcoin bullshit?
From a commercial perspective, Reducing the on-boarding friction and an increase in diversity inclusion effort would lead to attracting a broader market, thus leading to an increase in revenue and market share, which ultimately would hopefully generate more value for the stakeholders.I can also understand why it would isolate many traditional DnD players, due to the reduction in features. Do you think that s a decision weighted by the decision makers at Wizards of the Cost and assessed accordingly?
I ve received thank you cards like this I volunteer for certain well-regarded organizations . While the thank you card is very nice, the fake handwritten part is obvious - the strokes of the pen are a little too clean, too precise to be a human. A human tends to smudge some characters, or some characters will be squeezed in - the robotic handwriting never does that, so it s an obvious giveaway.Don t get me wrong, receiving a personalized letter is very much appreciated and I appreciate it more because they put extra thought in it, but very few would think of it as actually handwritten by a human.
I feel like this acquisition is related to Facebook App Center launched last week somehow. They didn t have links or screenshots for iPhone apps, but they do for Android apps. I was curious why they did not have a screenshot area App Store link field for iPhone apps.
I find it funny when people complain about Smalltalk syntax in Swift, since in my experience keyword arguments and trailing closures are two of the features which make Swift clear and nice to work with.
unless you consider HN socialWhy wouldn t we? Pseudonyms? Reddit is considered social, I think, and that tends to be even more difficult to map to IRL identity.Edit just barely not inb4!
The thing you re referring to is called a numeronym.
Heh, it certainly visualized his decline in hope very well. Google was a cool company once and some of its products and tech still are, but you simply have to manage your expectations when a companies goes public. It stops belonging to the people working there.Also, companies have proven to be inept to tackle social problems, even if they genuinely wanted to.
It seems to me that this whole issue is fairly simple does the blockchain technology solve any real-world problem that people have? A mere analysis of its logic says it does not, actually, solve any meaningful problem whatsoever. Secure transactions are already feasible, it doesn t prevent mischief and the way to settle a dispute is always the same through the legal system and decentralization prevents it from scaling.C. Muratori puts it more elegantly than I do
No, that s not what happened.
Thanks upvoted ! However how in the world would the compiler know if the mutex belongs to the same vector you are accessing? Unless you re saying the mutex wraps the vector implying that each vector can have one corresponding mutex at most? Which seems quite limiting?
There is probably just not enough of those types of users to really change the calculus for Backblaze.
I can photograph the ground from a commercial airplane window, so yes my phone can take pictures of things much further than 2 miles away. Distance from the subject isn t really all that important provided it s big enough, lit well and you can focus to infinity.The timing is tricky but 2 10 of a second isn t an unthinkably brief window for snapping a photo, and if you use burst capture it s trivial.
Ohh okay. From Canada. Free if you don t make much money. I thought you were initializing with I m in the US .
The appengine photo URL service is just the first step in what will eventually be a full-blown CDN service for Appengine, and I m sure ultimately, any Google AdWords customer.I m sure all the CDNs are really excited about this prospect... -
Hi, I think either I missed something or I see an insight that may not be in there yet, not sure if. In brief Conveying without convincing. I think this guide is generally applicable to everyone interacting on HN, not just GitLab PRops, and while considering that I uncovered something I think would improve the value the guidelines.Lots of online conversations get mired in back-and-forth persuasion, where each side is trying to convince the other of their viewpoint rather than just trying to convey it. This is essentially an impossible conversation to walk away from satisfied, because it s rare that anyone can be convinced.So, instead, focus on conveying. Ensure the facts are made clear and point out disagreements. Share your motivations and reasoning. Ask people to clarify when they say something you don t understand, or could parse multiple ways. Leave disagreement alone, and don t press it to change into agreement.This is the toughest thing for anyone to do in conversation someone is wrong in the internet xkcd here , but it s absolutely the most essential skill and I don t see it clearly called out. Maybe I missed it though, it s late! So, I would love to see that concept applied in guideline form. Teaching people to ensure comprehension rather than convincing, and to move on if it isn t getting through, is the ultimate win in online chat, and I encourage adding it the the guide.
I didn t read the paper yet. But it looks very different from how an opinion piece typically looks.I also didn t look at the bios of the authors, so you may yet be right. On the other hand, we see opinions both deliberately scary, as well as some more balanced from the pro-vaxx side of argument, so seems like a fair game.There s no particular reason to prefer more medication over less, so long as we are always keeping both individual and societal health in mind.The articles you link are interesting, but they both miss the mark at least for me . The AVN one works, but only if you are open to concern about the COVID vaccine being a subset of the wider anti-vaxx narrative. I m sure there s an overlap, but COVID vaccine scepticism and avoidance is increasingly being seen as quite a balanced and reasonable position. Generalising the opinion as anti-vaxx is more likely to reinforce it. The AAP piece simply talks past the figures that the broad-mandate-opposing side would cite. Which is fine, because their target is quite obviously those that might waver, but still take a pro-vaxx position. But it won t settle informed debates.
For various small bits they send a single brown paper bag per meal .
Oh hell nah
discussions of OOP and inheritance often miss the influence of Knowledge Representation on OOP I m not entirely clear of the history myself, Fyi... The knowledge representation aspect of OOP inheritance is emphasized by computer science professor Andrew P. Black. He wrote a long paper 1 about it and also has a video 2 . It s unfortunate that Black s alternative perspective which he shared with Philip Wadler is not discussed as often as Object-Oriented Programming is Bad 3 videos.His paper is a long read over an hour that covers the intellectual history of OOP starting with Simula Smalltalk. The following is an excerpt from of us can grasp new ideas most easily if we are first introduced to one or two concrete instances, and are then shown the generalisation. To put this another way people learn best from examples. So we might first solve a problem for , and then make the changes necessary for 4 to approach infinity. ... To illustrate the power of inheritance to make complex abstractions easier to understand, letʼs look at a case study from the functional programming literature. In Programming Erlang 19, Chapter 16 , Armstrong introduces the OTP Open Telecom Platform generic server. ... To make sure that the message about the way that the OTP server works does sink in, Armstrong presents us with four little servers each slightly different from the last. server1 runs some supplied code in a server, where it responds to remote requests server2 makes each remote request an atomic transaction server3 adds hot code swapping, and server4 provides both transactions and hot code swapping.Each of these four little servers is self-contained server4, for example, makes no reference to any of the preceding three servers.Why does Armstrong describe the OTP sever in this way, rather than just presenting server4, which is his destination? Because he views server4 as too complicated for the reader to understand in one go. Something as complex as server4 needs to be introduced step-by-step. However, his language, lacking inheritance and higher-order functions does not provide a way of capturing this stepwise development.In an effort to understand the OTP server, I coded it up in Smalltalk. ... First I translated server1 into Smalltalk I called it BasicServer, and it had three methods and 21 lines of code. Then I needed to test my code, so I wrote a name server plug-in for BasicServer, set up unit tests, and made them pass. In the process, as Forsythe had predicted, I gained a much clearer understanding of how Armstrongʼs server1 worked. Thus equipped, I was able to implement TransactionServer by subclassing BasicServer, and HotSwapServer by subclassing TransactionServer, bringing me to something that was equivalent to Armstrongʼs server4 in two steps, each of which added just one new concern.Once I was done, I discussed what I had learned with Phil Wadler. Wadler has been thinking deeply, and writing, about functional programming since the 1980s amongst other influential articles he has authored The Essence of Functional Programming 21 and Comprehending Monads 22 . His first reaction was that the Erlang version was simpler because it could be described in straight-line code with no need for inheritance. I pointed out that I could refactor the Smalltalk version to remove the inheritance, simply by copying down all of the methods from the superclasses into HotSwapServer, but that doing so would be a bad idea. Why? Because the series of three classes, each building on its superclass, explained how HotSwapServer worked in much the same way that Armstrong explained it in Chapter 16 of Programming Erlang. This was an ah-ha moment for Phil.To summarise most people understand complex ideas incrementally, by starting with a simple concrete example, and then taking a series of generalisation steps. A program that uses inheritance can explain complex behaviour incrementally, by starting with a simple class or object, and then generalising it in a series of inheritance steps. The power of inheritance is that it enables us to organise our programs incrementally, that is, in a fashion that corresponds to the way that most people think. 1
2020
Perhaps VW wants to see if there are alternatives to a platform owned by a person who also owns their direct competitor? Or perhaps VW sees the massive uptick in Mastodon users and wants to get a leg up on their competition by going where their customers are going. Or perhaps VW doesn t want to tarnish the image of their brand in the eyes of their prospective customers by posting on a platform which is very rapidly relaxing moderation standards and has a CEO who appears sophomoric at best, unhinged at worst. Brands love stability Elon provides little.I too wish the media would stop covering a lot of the twitter developments, but for a different reason We shouldn t give unnecessary attention to narcissists.As far as twitter no longer aligning with the media left s political interests, which interests are those? I don t see people throwing a fit because Paul Ryan tweeted about lowering taxes or reducing the deficit, they re mad because twitter is re-platforming people who have said or done things that the VAST majority of people think are objectively terrible.It is Elon s right to do whatever he wants with his platform, and it is everyone else s right to complain about it, including the media.
Which is why tall buildings are not generally built right next to and to the south of low buildings, never mind gardens. This is straightforward planning 101.
It does. Using inline style attributes is basically a good idea when using a component framework, except for missing features and questionable performance. Tailwind solves that.There is an influential presentation from, i think, someone on the react team that started the whole CSS-in-JS thing. It just advocated for using inline styles. I can t seem to find it.React and Vue have special handling of the inline style attribute to make it more pleasant to use, so it s not been fully discouraged for a while.
If you are alluding to the rumor of it modifying human DNA by quoting modification of mRNA building blocks -- this is a modification of a piece of the viral mRNA. It DOES NOT modify human DNA or RNA.
The Vatican still has some Ibn al Quff s books,Ibn al Quff 1233 - 1286 a Jordanian who converted to Christianity ,lived studied medicine-1252- in Damascus, and died there.
I think you looked at the joke list in the comments here instead of the original article.
Looks like backdrop-filter blur would be the way to achieve the effect shown... but it s not supported by anything yet if you want to blur a whole element eg, your main page content while a modal is open instead of just the part behind another one, that would be filter blur - and works in all modern browsers except IE even my Android Firefox displays the demos on this page correctly IIRC there s some non-standard way to achieve the same effect in IE.
Here it goes. I made this tutorial because I was confused on how to see the Fractional Units FR with CSS Grid. Hope this helps!
It s tricky. But doable. I know because I have done it on all three of my trips there.
He was videotaped without his knowledge in a situation he had every reason to expect was private. If you then obtain that tape and publish it you re scum. The livelihoods of the employees were ruined by their idiot bosses who thought it would be a good idea to publish the video, not by the persons defending their privacy.
This was in North Carolina. We couldn t open our business bank account until we had the paperwork from them, so we couldn t officially fund the business or buy anything for it for those few weeks.
Why would you have to tell if they re from one bot?
We have hundreds of live Discourse sites running the 10 month self supported Digital Ocean or whatever cloud you like version for literally years without any issue at all used to do all these installs for people by hand, and personally support them to ensure that we had indeed built something that was easy to support long term. I stopped doing this after a few years because I knew we had.
Absolutely so, and I relish diversity and that there s lots out there.The only thing is, it makes me treat reviews and recommendations with great caution. I have some friends who like most of the books I like, but they also like some utter dross, and don t like things I consider wonderful. So one is left to one s own devices.
Not just price rises but shrinkflation too. That too is out of control
In response to the flagged comment below yours a particular medical treatmentWhat a contortion to avoid saying vaccine .In the context of this thread and your comment about medical treatments - immigrants from developing countries to the USA and various other Western countries, need to prove that they ve gotten a litany of vaccinations. This COVID mandate is actually quite mild compared to this historical policy.
New growth is genetically engineered to grow quickly, in dense conditions, to have short branches to drop branches quickly. Loggers have optimized for growing tree trunks, not trees. The wood quality is very different from these trees. They are sick. The wood from them is going to warp on you.I suspect that wood density, tree health, warping of lumber, and the resulting new ingresses of water could all be correlated. I d love to know more if anyone knows more details.
The classic image of a witch wearing a pointy hat comes from 16th century England.Beer was the staple drink as it kept better than water and had nutritional value. Brewing beer was women s work in every household. Some expanded to sell beer at markets, and the pointy hat became a marker for a woman who sold beer.When men started breweries, it was about the time of witch hunts, and they started to accuse women brewers of witchcraft as a way of removing the competition and that is how the pointy hat became associated with the image of a witch. Also, the beer was brewed in cauldrons, and cats were used to keep mice away from the grain that the beer was made of.
Really well done. I like when there are post like this because, even thought it s not about technology or startup, it s still related to hacking. I m sad when people down this talking about reddit because this post is clearly different. It has historical lessons in it and even thought you might not like gaming or starcraft, known that this game is still played today by thousand of players worldwide and that it is more than 10 years old.
An antifa death squadWell, your argument was fine until you brought up this strawman nonsense. X can often be being a white male I haven t seen a single person called a Nazi for supporting being a white male . Can you cite some sources there? I d pretty much prefer to see Nazis removed from the public view via the use of the existing hate speech laws, the judiciary system and fines sentences, so there s that.Let s have a quick check on how that s working out now there s white supremacists in charge of the justice system Oh, apparently quite badly. I know I m shocked to hear this.
This is a sign that Xi Jinping wants to become a dictator, and it concerns other countries if a giant country like China with a massive military is controlled by a dictator with unlimited power. China has every right to have a large military to defend itself, but a dictator might use the military to be aggressive to other countries.China s GDP is several times bigger 1 than Vietnam, Korea, India, and Singapore, so spending a smaller percentage is still a larger absolute amount. Even India, the closest competitor that you listed is only 1 5 as big by GDP, and in absolute terms has a smaller military. 1
Good idea!, or something nearby a bit similar.Sort of an insurance, for getting help if locked out
Waiting for geoqueries also. Would make a bunch of features in a few of my apps so much easier.
would you be able to use EdgeQL to introspect an existing postgresql database and run queries on it?Asking as I have a project ongoing where I don t really have the time to recreate everything in EdgeDB, but wouldn t mind spending a few hours to check how the query language works compared to SQL.
The only flight sim I remember from those days was Sopwith, a 2D side-view game where you fly a Sopwith Camel through all sorts of crazy loops.First 3D game I saw was Elite s wireframe spaceflight.
Oh, cool.I made my own attempt at the same kind of idea at pretty simple actually. What I have observed and my tree exploit is that most tree are too much and I only have cared by pre-order tree and sequentially scan is the major op.So, the major takeaway is that if your case is simple, Go! Go! Vec!
Well my anecdotal experience is exactly opposite yours, so let s reference the Apple product page as data instead Apple s lightning-cable product page contains over 2,300 negative reviews of the lightning cable, with an overall rating of 1 out of 5 stars
Domestic spending?
If a stuck video can be detected it should restart automatically.
How would you do refactoring over monorepo if you have sparse checkout?
you left out the parts about having to operate via a chinese partner and having to transfer your IP to that partner full source code
I only turn javascript on when I need it for a site that I trust easy with Opera . If I forget and leave it on, it seems like far too many sites bog down my machine with crappy eye-candy and advertising. Maybe I won t care so much when if I upgrade to a faster PC. I find it terribly annoying when a site requires javascript, but doesn t do anything compelling with it. For instance, why on earth does this page require javascript to be on, just to show me a .jpg map?
How do I universal control my iPad from my Linux computer? Just Works within your own ecosystem, Never Works outside of it.
agree
In the last 5 years we ve experimented with Linux on top of hyper-v a few times.The basic I O, compile runtime performance was significantly inferior to xen kvm didn t bench against vmware, phasing it out due to cost , it wasn t worth any effort to even deploy apps for testing.Therefore I don t see Linux on hyper-v being a compelling option for the cost conscientious technical officer or lead engineer.
Interesting model! Testing it locally, I could see that one issue in the model is that there is a lot of symmetry to the results. Enforcing that players in the team are ordered was not useful and did not help. Enforcing that the team positions were ordered helped a lot though, by extracting the position p p in team expression as a separate array team_position and enforcing increasing on it.With HiGHS the solve-time went from 1m7s on my machine M1 Max to just 7.23s. The model is solved at the root node with this change, as opposed to 1430 nodes without it.Using OR-Tools 9.7 with free search enabled see Configuration editor in the MiniZinc IDE with the new model took 10.3 seconds. With 10 threads it is solved in 1.56s.
My phone would almost always be offline, if so many Web sites right now didn t require SMS 2FA.I d much rather use the more secure TOTP, which would let me keep phone in Airplane Mode and DND Mode. Or maybe WebAuthn, with my own USB token.
Impressive optics too, on the otherwise quiet 20th Anniversary of Half Life s release...
Webkit does still exist Also, Firefox being free software, we can expect forks to appear the very day Mozilla falls. I even wonder if having a swarm of small implementers wouldn t be better for the standards than having three big ones who discuss among themselves, then decide what the standards should be. Maybe browsers would stop getting more complicated than OSes and go back to essential, that way. I would really love seeing web engines getting simple again so that third party developers can contribute to them - and that s certainly a direction many small implementations would push toward.Of course, this is only speculation. At least, it s not guaranteed doom.
They re very different so it s hard to say if they re better. I find the stock HHKB domes way too light.
my concern is not the configuration of gitconfig, but keeping the escalated ssh keys on the shared machineif I understood correctly, the article suggests the way how to choose ssh key among those already stored on the server
What happened to the common heritage of all mankind? 1 How come these fuckers can go and grab them for themselves?
Thank you!
No need to call out ATM Machine or LAN Network .Repeating the last letter of an acronym in full is common in the English language because it provides clarity, flow, and disambiguation.
If terraforming Mars were to be successful, wouldn t the long-term livability of Mars still be hampered by having about a third of Earth s gravity?I imagine it to dramatically affect human physiology, making it perhaps impossible for Martians to ever return to Earth.
Fluff, or if you prefer a highly circumlocutory string of half connected sentences and paragraphs around not knowing the exact origins of the Well-Tempered Clavier. Book 1, that is. It doesn t even mention the second book.
Sad. Even from just the website and the logo, you can tell that microsoft never understood the internet.
Tickets are 45 for SFO-LAX each way in February right now less than the expected cost of the train ticket . Other pairs OAK-BUR, SJC-BUR are similar 49- 57 each way .And how do I magically get from the airport to the city and city to the airport? Is it free? Is it instant?
But Apple if a user doesn t like their notificaitons, they know they can delete the app. Push notifications don t need a permissions process.So it never occured to the author that a user might like an app and STILL don t want push notifications from it?Jesus...
Hilariously, this is basically the pattern everyone figured out long ago with Windows Forms apps. Model View Presenter with decoupled events that are fired off to any subscribed listeners. Multiple screens and models can be updated as needed. Very easy to do in a C app thanks to uncluttered syntax for events.Go check out the Microsoft Patterns and Practices frameworks from decades ago to see many examples of this.
GPT-4 generally performs better than expert human workers on NLP tasks, nevermind bespoke models.
JSON is the lazy choice. I particularly dislike quoting keys variable names . Relaxed JSON, for one, allows unquoted keys But that s just a small step - I am sure we the community could do better.
I was very careful to remove any scripts loaded on the page, and I both disabled the FORM submitting and pointed it to localhost.That being said, your concern is warranted, I think Cloudflare and browsers did the right thing by blocking my site. It served its purpose, and as of 4pm CT today I took it down and destroyed the droplet it was running on. I collected no analytics while it was running off Cloudflare, and kept no logs.Hopefully Equifax doesn t sue me in the next few months.
Honestly I ve never understood why laptops are so strongly associated with developer culture.They are inefficient and conflated machines - two things that tend to be contradictory with software engineering.More practically, many people find themselves completely dependent on Apple s design whims.Mac Pros or server racks in general are closer to the kinds of machines that we deploy to they use Xeons for one thing . They don t overheat so easily.Their sea of cores approach enables more productive workflows and tooling.And one gets to use his favorite peripherals, in an ergonomic position instead of slouching around a laptop .
HN has long been a bastion of Ron Paul fandom, going back as far as the founding of the board. So there s backstory here.I don t support either political party, and the odds are great that I will not vote for Rand Paul.However, as a technical person living in a democratic society I _am_ interested in the factors that change public policy, whether it s a RP filibuster, a Snowden leak, or a public move on policy by Wyden.Perhaps if the tech community pulled together, somebody like Wyden could cross the aisle and make it a bipartisan filibuster. Whether you like either guy or either party or not is immaterial. The important thing is to try to get a little momentum here. The system is totally hosed, and we ve got a long way to go to get it functioning again.
I hope they do it in a standards-based way this time.I m about to return a Sony head-unit that only supports Samsung and Xperia phones via a hellish mix of USB tethering, VNC and uPNP.I know that car audio isn t normally modified now that manufacturers have gone away from the 1 and 2 DIN formats, but if anyone else is reading this, stay away from the MirrorLink DriveLink technology. AppRadio is the other competitor and the XDA guys have had more luck in unlocking it for all phones to use.Hopefully Android Auto supersedes the whole mess.
Something being bad doesn t have to have a material impact on you to be bad you should be against it simply because in principal it s a bad thing. Government over reach is a slippery slope and is bad therefor spying via overreach is bad. I m not your personal savior I don t really care what you believe and I wasn t here to convince anyone of anything let alone you, I stated my personal beliefs.Edit I ll also leave off with where if your beliefs don t include government spying being bad you and I likely are coming from very ideologically different starting points and I have no intention of trying to spend my time walking you from A to B I ll leave that for the evangelists I have other things to fill my time.
Indeed I can t, just like you cannot prove, or cite any research, showing it wouldn t have been 1,000 if the content was accessible without arbitrary artificial restrictions on the devices consuming it.By all means keep taking down illegal streams. I m not excusing the people providing them. I m saying maybe stop treating every paying customer as if they re going to do that to the detriment of the service provided. Because it is negatively affecting the service.
I know this doesn t add anything in particular, but I d like to reinforce your point.Ditto.
Not really going to help you make money...
This is cool - I didn t see any detail of the mic array on the site, where did you find it?Also, do you think it s feasible for Amazon to keep a voice profile on the speakers? I m thinking if they are going to tout perfect voice recognition they ll have to make it person-specific at some point.
Wow, this is a pretty poor article. Mixing up intentional throttling vs unintentional unfinished decisions and describing these as hidden networks which is supposed to be the intersection of Seems like network effects and Doesn t seem like network effects. Is this a joke?Telling that the biggest conclusion I came away with is that rich people are mostly rich due to luck and circumstance.
Oh so that s why both the Snap and the APT-installed versions of VLC were broken, they were the same one???
The person you are replying to just gave an example of a research application. What s not valid about it?
Also too much information.The hubris of 20 something is mostly just ignorance.When you have the experience to have witnesses all sorts of outcomes, you think of things in different ways.I find myself far more unsure of things because of all the angles - and trying to thin of the unseen one s.It s like C You start by writing code. And think it s good, but it s not.Then idiomatic code, because you realize the mess of your earlier code.And then start to see all the things that could go wrong in the horror of the code you wrote before.Then you spend the rest of your career worrying about every few lines of code, about all the things that could go wrong, with obvious diminishing marginal returns on that.So if you re 20 and making a dating app, it doesn t mater that much, you can thrash and burn through code.For many things, that doesn t work and many of those projects do not fit the pattern of high growth VC so they have to get done another way, hopefully at companies with surplus budget and a bit of vision and people willing to still do stuff instead of collecting a paycheque.
But it s still pass by value. Passing by ref allows swapping out the entire object, which is not possible in a language such as JavaScript.
Please tell your relatives to stay at home. In Europe we don t need more immigrants from tribal societies. Thank you.
It looks like it doesn t let you self-diagnose so much as it sends data to google and let s Google diagnose you. Handing your medical information over to an ad company seems like a terrible idea.
I did XSLT years ago and had far less of a problem learning my way around stylesheet syntax, and that was that bad old XML, don t you know. I was looking into Jolt just a week or two ago and ended up having a really rough time. I think if there was a more deliberate tutorial, it might be easier to learn. But the Javadocs and the hairball of example transformations were something I found confusing.
Tax deductions and other such shenanigans.
Arctype Electron is currently the most practical solution to make it cross-platform and also accessible via a web appIs it currently available on the web? I want to try but do not want to download a binary.
I agree that platform-specific files shouldn t be in .gitignore, but it does make sense to put . there and then only allow specific .files that you actually want to check in.
Parts of this thread got me all up on my hind legs afraid of fascist Big Brother of 1984 with sound recorders hidden in the walls of my bedroom, keystroke grabbing on my computer, brainwave recorders in stealth drones flying overhead at 100,000 feet capturing my thoughts, etc.Yes, while my usual excuse has long been, and apparently been confirmed, that the US Federal Government is too incompetent to do much to me, or really even know about me if they only knew what I really think of them! , this thread got me worried again.So, I just followed the link to the bill. There I got the text version, in some small, light font tough to read in Firefox on my screen and with the warning that actually it was not accurate.So I took the HTML version. Soon, much of the text was off the right side my screen with no horizontal scroll bars. Gee, is there some CSS keyword to suppress the scroll bars? My Web pages have both horizontal and vertical scroll bars, and I entered nothing about scroll bars and just took defaults.So, I told Firefox to reduce screen magnification until all the text characters fit my screen, and then all I had were characters about the size of two pixels each with each line of text just some broken horizontal line totally impossible to read. Great work Congress You found yet another way to implement the now famous Pelosi we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it !So, third try, I took the PDF version. Okay, magnifying to 185 , I got something readable.Looking at the table of contents for the really deep, down, fascist dirty stuff, right away Adobe Acrobat has a search feature! , I found H. R. 4681 5SEC. 302. RESTRICTION ON CONDUCT OF INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES.The authorization of appropriations by this Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the conduct of any intelligence activity which is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or the laws of the United States. Okay, sounds not so bad. Maybe they just put that in there so that it could be removed in a conference committee with all that really deep, dirty, fascist stuff elsewhere now enabled? They are really smart enough to be that tricky? Naaaaw ...! Congress? The US Congress I have long watched? Naaaaw.So, from that paragraph, apparently this bill doesn t authorize even more microphones in the walls of my bedroom, more keystroke captures, more grabbing of my PGP private key once I start using PGP , my software to find some 50,000 or so don t want to be too exact here! decimal digit prime numbers, assuming I don t encounter a prime gap, etc.!Ah, I should not have said that and, instead, should have let the NSA know that, really, I ve long been doing my super hush-hush communications via the subspace radio flip phone I got from Captain Kirk! Once he was parked on my front lawn for three weeks, but no one but me noticed because he was using a Romulan cloaking device.Maybe I m too easily fooled, but, lazy me, I m back down off my hind legs now no longer afraid of being subject to rectal feeding , etc.I mean, were my thoughts that former NSA head Michael Hayden looked too much like Elmer Fudd a reason for me to have 1 trillion exabytes of data kept on me in some flat building covering 25 of, what is it, Arizona, Nevada, Montana, Utah, somewhere out there? So, was that the reason HP worked out how to store one bit per oxygen ion, just so that the NSA could store what I really thought of them? Naaaaw!Joking aside, the section I quoted does seem to say that the bill doesn t make things worse.
Given that my startup I not only had people paying me money and then turning it around and giving it out to others, I definitely know that pain. I just totally thought of it as core to the product people generally have asked me about gateways and whatnot when they have their ohmygodIhavethisidea conversations with me.This was more about the stuff they didn t ask about that they should have, but your point is exceptionally well taken - people who are picking a revenue model should support that revenue model before launch.
I got the Star Wars reference.I used to live in Albuquerue and I was implying that Roswell was more like Mos Eisley than Albuquerque. Though that s just a personal opinion.
If I were the copyright holder of such work, I would argue that the LLM was trained on text, including my copyrighted work, and that if the system produced text that a reasonable person who reads poetry would identify as the copyrighted work, the burden is then logically on the LLM owner to prove the LLM didn t regurgitate a piece of text from something it previously ingested.I think a jury would side with my argument.
50 is just the absolute worst case. Many kinds of textual data include large amounts of code units that fit in one byte in utf-8For latin alphabets, yes. For CJK, it s really bad. Things get worse if you dealt with non-BMP before, like iOS emoji, which force you to upgrade MySQL to support utf8mb4, which is totally bullshit. why the hell do people even presume utf8 is max 3 bytes?
If you want to argue this then at least use the correct description of the proximal cause, hits of glutamate in the shell of the nucleus accumbens and ventral tegmental area . It doesn t roll off the tongue and focusing on the neurochemistry ignores the context. So maybe it s better to just say it simply, If you enjoy doing an enjoyable thing and you do it a lot you ll anticipate liking it more than reality provides on average.
This is a serious suggestion if you are concerned about blanket accusations, it s helpful to avoid blanket statements like Activists hurl around the Nazi label Some people do use that term with insufficient care. Some people use it carefully. Some people use it carefully but disagree with you about who it reasonably applies to.
AT T also ticked off a lot of people during the switch by double billing them and cutting off others. Lot of switching to Verizon and Walmart.
I don t see how the working decisions of a markerting firm would have anything to do with software devs.The world doesn t revolve around software devs, which is kind of the whole point of my post. Devs can work from home, these articles aren t about them, and hence why its dumb to discuss them on HN.
by joining the Caml Consortium very cheap , we got access to the core developers and a yearly face-to-face. We re talking about Xavier Leroy and Damien Doligez here. Do you get that with Java?What do you find most useful about talking to core OCaml devs? If you were developing in Java, do you think you would see a similar benefit from talking to core Java devs?How do you find the OCaml standard library compares to standard libraries from other languages? Is it expansive? Do you find yourself reaching for 3rd party libraries frequently or writing your own ?
Hey guys,I have been working on a project called Finpigeon is a newsletter unlike any other. Simply give us your email and a list of stocks that you are interested in. We will email you real time updates pertaining to the list of stocks you subscribed to for free. For example, remember when Elon Musk announced earlier this year that he was planning on purchasing Twitter? After that event, the Twitter stock rocketed and went up by 20 . Imagine, if you received an email as soon as Elon announced his plan, and you could buy into the Twitter stock with an instant 20 upside. Had Finpigeon existed, all users subscribed to Twitter would have the chance to purchase the Twitter stock with an instant 20 upside. Sign up now!
It isn t about you, it is developmentally harmful to children to only ever see one of their parents. Even just seeing the father at breakfast and dinner for 10 minutes of chatting is magnitudes better. Even if your routine gives you extra days, the younger the children the more consistency is important. Having 3 days to see your children and 4 where you are missing from their lives can cause developmental complications even if it is done for noble causes.
It s an SQLite 3 database, but Ghost allows you to export it to JSON for backing up.I ve not had a big load in the few days I ve changed from Octopress to Ghost, so I don t know how well it handles it.
I remember discussing gestures and NFC back at Motorolas conference the day the iPhone 2g launched in the UK and back then all of us thought NFC would happen in the next 12 months! Glad to see its finally arriving, though this patent is going to prove interesting
We spend all this time about finding life on another planet when we haven t found all ours has to offerWhat? How much time do you think we spend on the former? Why do you think it s too much? And why do you think the two goals are mutually exclusive?
That small join now in the top right corner?? Oh man horrible! I had to go back and search for it as well!
I understand, but the problem is hard to describe succintly. But if you run the code, you ll understand at once what it does.
I haven t tried it but Google says it is a thing.
In the very least you d have to adjust for purchasing power parity and look at the median rather than the mean, to say anything useful about quality of life for normal people.
I got the impression the idea wasn t about writing the poorest code, but getting a chance to discuss what would make something better worse. I personally put readability and maintainability close to the top of my list.
The Two Generals Problem is a specific problem, separate from the Byzantine Generals Problem, which is an extension of the Dining Philosophers Problem. There are other papers which advertise Byzantine solutions or problems, due to the references to qualities of similar problems. They are all concurrency problems, but they all have different specific criteria and solutions. You can find the related papers under each problem on Wikipedia they are officially behind paywalls, but you can find the PDFs indexed on search engines
It won t be long until the Feds have technology that grabs metadata from the tech in your car as you cruise down the road. I suspect their definition of metadata will be broad enough to include things like speed, rate of acceleration, latitude longitude if car is equipped with GPS, of course , etc. Seems crazy, except that most of us probably thought the idea of government backdoors in Google, Facebook, etc. to be crazy until very recently.
Reading through these comments gave me the same thought. Notice a problem? Buy a raspberry pi with cash, visit starbucks, upload report about the issue to reporters via newly created and never used again gmail account, throw away raspberry pi, never talk or think about the issue again.
I mean NFTs fit that bill perfectly. Incentives for the late comers are to buy continually more dubious tokens that are produced by the initial round of creators. Those buyers then create a new market of lower tier creators who create even more valueless creations, and so the cycle continues.Crypto without NFTs have no creators and instead relies on the network effect of public interest to raise the value of their initial purchase. In this way, it s more akin to inventing a product and selling it on to another person and promising them that it will be worth more if they do the same.
The article cites sales of Panic s Coda and BBEdit.Panic has been around for a long time and has an established brand among Apple users. If I wanted a Panic product, I d go directly to Panic.com where I ve purchased from them before, and I d prefer to give them their full price instead of 70 . Random Hanchor LLC product of questionable usefulness? I ll let Apple shield me. Hence, lower App Store sales of reputable products, higher sales of unknowns.Coda and BBEdit are also relatively old products. Citing their slow sales as evidence that the Mac App Store is ineffective would be the same as citing slow sales of Adobe CS3 on the App Store if it were for sale. The primary purchasers for those products owned them well before the App Store even existed.
For example, explaining with marbles falling down curved rubber sheets doesn t help, because you re using gravity the marble being pulled down to explain gravity.Exactly, and it drives me nuts. There are many similar examples in SR and GR that maybe help a layperson intuitively, but creates confusion and frustration when you actually try to learn the theory. I can think of 2 The escape velocity explanation of black hole event horizon. Yes, the number comes out correct. No, it does not make sense and does not help me understand how black hole works. Mass increases when object moves . No it doesn t. And no it doesn t explain why massive particles can t reach speed of light, because in the frame of the object, its speed is zero.I can t tell you how much time I ve spent searching for the answers, and drowned by these answers that seemingly make sense.
Has he ever confirmed whether the treasure is still at the location?What if someone found it long ago, not knowing that it was part of a scavenger hunt, and decided to hide their discovery?
Enforcing things like 2 is what the press is for. Write a law, try to find instances of the authorities breaking it or look for whistleblowers! , cause a stink. The difficulty of the second and third parts of that formula shouldn t be a reason to not write the law presuming it s a good one .
Not my idea - it s been around for decades. It works because you can treat the two kites as one system, because they re both connected to the ship.Care to supply some citations?
How much is that for meat and feed?
Having the backup in a separate 24 allows the option of steering BGP announcements differently at different peering points even if they aren t announced differently in the everything is working case .
that makes sense, and now that I ve seen proof that it s possible to build a watch-sized smartwatch, I m even more puzzled that not a single one is on the market
Jeff Bezos became the richest man in the history of the universe in absolute number by founding a company that made life a lot more convenient for a lot of people and there is value in that. We have also all read the stories about how Amazon relates to their labor force, in particular their blue collar workers, upon whom they depend for their business to succeed. Everyone has different attitudes about wealth and poverty largely relating to the class they grew up in and the one they now find themselves in historically almost always one and the same but the question that pg sidesteps here entirely is whether it is moral for a single individual to accumulate this kind of wealth. It s clear one can, but should they ought to? Should it be something to be ashamed of, not lauded and aspired to?I would say yes, and I think many perhaps not here, given the type of person who frequents this board would agree. They would observe that while Jeff had some ideas and provided some direction, that the vast majority of the work was done by others far more talented than he in their specific role. That he happens to live in a society that routinely grants the spoils disproportionately to the organizers and not those performing the actual labor is the central critique of capitalism highlighted by Marx and to which I think pg is actually alluding, even if he doesn t realize it. This profit is not a surplus, and the difference between the price charged for a commodity or service and that paid in labor less any costs in materials is seen as inherently exploitative. I think people can reasonably disagree about the degree, there is of course value in the organization of labor and materials to provide a product or service, but wage disparities of 100 times? 1000 times? I find this to be indefensible.
It was a non sequitur, and a straw man - you said that python was 5 times slower than C at best and 30-50 times slower than C at worst on some benchmarks.dnu pointed out that the benchmarks did not represent real-world Python code, since real-world code uses C libraries for performance-intensive stuff.You responded by saying that programs that are 90 C and 10 Python are unrealistic.Nobody ever suggested using programs that were 90 C and 10 Python, or said that that kind of usage was common. That didn t follow what dnu said at all. You weren t reiterating anything - you never said anything about your uses , coldtea did, much farther up the thread. If you re coldtea, then I understand your point, but if that s the case, you should have made that clear, as it vastly changes the context of what you were saying . You just brought up some benchmarks, which are not representative of how Python is used in the real world.I see how you could have intended to imply that this was your uses by saying that coldtea must have unusual uses if he got go 2 performance out of Python, but this was hardly clear, if it is the case. Regardless, you totally misrepresented dnu s point.As for your arguments against my points, the 80 20 rule, while obviously impossible to definitively prove, has far more authoritative supporters than it does detractors. If you haven t experienced that being the case, then that s good and well for you, but the experience of many others suggests that it usually is in fact, it s usually stated as being closer to 90 10 than 80 20 .Your Django argument falls flat if you look at it more closely. Sure, Django might introduce some slowness, but the vast majority of web performance is in the networking and database layers, not the application layer. Your choice of language has little to no bearing on the networking aspect of things, but what do you think the database drivers are written in? C, or an equivalent. 10 of the code that has 90 of the performance impact - sound familiar? And you interact with database drivers most of the time exactly how I said - by using a Python library that wraps around a C library to run the database. Quit with the straw man arguments - they add nothing to the discussion. Neither do unwarranted accusations of straw man arguments.I apologize if I come across as insulting - it is not my intention. My phrasing in the grandparent comment was overly antagonistic, and I m about to edit it to fix that. But my accusations of straw man arguments were correct.
I think you re very conservative on that estimate. We run an infrastructure on dedicated leased hardware Rackspace . Our infrastructure costs are a fraction of what the equivalent public cloud footprint costs. With technologies like Kubernetes and CoreOS, our private cloud practically runs itself. We focus on apps and the developer pipeline, much like we would do if we were on GCP GKE. We have approximately 60 dedicated servers. We re almost at the scale where it makes sense to leave leased baremetal for colocation. For a company like Snap, it s hard to believe that they couldn t save a few hundred million by building their own footprint in leased datacenter space.The days of needing massive ops teams to run on owned and colocated hardware are long gone.
Also I have to wonder how much of this math hate is societal.It isn t uncommon for parents to say how much they hate math so of course their kids are going to start to think that.Or to talk about how much they hate school.Leaning should feel rewarding and yet, it feels like it isn t in this country.
True, it often returns solutions that may work but are illogical. Or solutions that use tutorial style code and fall apart once you tinker a bit with it.
You re completely correct. I was just going price-to-price.
That was actually my point - either they don t want it done, or can t figure out a way to do it in a consumer-friendly way read without wrecking the battery . Apple gets to go first thanks to private APIs, and they haven t done this yet.
It s a combination of things. I wouldn t say there s a smoking gun necessarily, but a lot of small things, taken together, strongly suggest that there is more to this.
Breaking down the vision This website will serve as a zero-cost alternative to those that lack the resources to attend traditional brick-and-mortar institutionsI completely agree with the observation that the duct-taping of a few, loosely connected resources to construct an authoritative syllabus disrupt the existing education system through an online network of autodidacts and mentors is flawed in its very premise. I m inclined to believe, though, that we re looking at an an early iteration and that the Saylor Foundation s initiative will evolve as feedback pours in.and, if they are willing, a complement to mainstream education providers.This seems to be the more practical component of the vision. My personal take education will not be disrupted by applications that seek to uproot the brick and mortar educational establishment. Rather, platforms will emerge to augment the existing teaching learning process and help students seek guidance when they need it.I think the Khan Academy has pretty much set the bar for what an online education augmentation platform , if you were, should start out looking like, and the Saylor Foundation would do well to emulate them.That said, the world really needs a central, well maintained repository for educational content at the college level, so I hope this initiative succeeds.
Yeah it made sense for old monitors and then a lot of people got into their minds that it was some kind of rule that could never be changed.The limits you should observe today are more like Code line length 120-140 characters. Longer than that and it gets unwieldy especially in side-by-side views. But you don t need to be strict about it. It doesn t matter if the occasional line overflows. The best code formatting algorithm I know the Prettier algorithm doesn t have a strict limit. Commit subject length 72, because Github will overflow anything longer into an ellipsis. Commit body line lines No limit unless you are developing the Linux kernel . I don t know of an interface other than email that doesn t wrap them. You re going to get a lot of old farts disagreeing with this advice, but don t listen to them.
I m not the person you re replying to, but I live out in the country and enjoy the quiet of nature. Seems like it would be hard to have a lot of wildlife, trees, and space in an area where it s 287 per Km 2. I m not judging btw. It s just not my cup of tea. I live on 5000 M 2 and prefer to have my space.I m sure that will need to go sometime in the future but we still have plenty of space in the US to fill so I m hoping it takes some time. lol
I was thinking the users could set their own thresholds, just like they do when searching with date and resolution ranges.
A lot has to happen for mainstream AR to be viable. But it s an example of a technology that, if it could surpass a lot of very significant technology hurdles, would be very interesting to a lot of people and probably scary to others. And a bit of both to most.
So eventually there will be programming language for every letter ? j, k , l, m , n......
While I acknowledge it s not a totally fair comparison, I find it interesting that you could replace 55 with 90 and Amazon blue collar workers with Lower level financiers and consultants on Wall Street and get probably the same statistics. Maybe even true for some spaces in tech entrepreneurship.I believe the difference is, the wall street guys are in it voluntarily they could probably take up a lower paying white collar job and still survive , and have a massive reward to look forward to after spending a few years there. While the warehouse workers are picking between unemploymenthunger and working in Amazon warehouses.
The term troll is meaningless these days. The term is an umbrella for a number of different things, from traditional trolling, harassment and posting stuff other people disagree with.With the rise of reddit and facebook, its possible to live in a bubble, an echo chamber and anything that takes you out of that bubble is considered trolling.I remember in the late 90s everyone thought that the openness of the internet was going to tear down walls, as you got to expand your bubble. All its done is re-enforce the bubbles people live in.I think this post outlines what is happening
Seconded. What I notice most when I m on the verge of burnout is a lack of capacity for stress. Say when something breaks first thing in the morning - under normal circumstances, it s cause for some grumbling and maybe frustration at the time taken out of your day. When burnout is at hand, I m just out of my mind. I don t have the tolerance for even the minor stressors, and nowhere close to my normal patience for the slow, thoughtful work necessary for top performance.Burn out - for me - means a shorter temper and less productivity.
It s a DANGEROUS take.Dangerous for cops or for people? A gang of SWAT cops overreacted to an incident in my town and got scared to the point of shooting 30 rounds from their rifles in an apartment hallway. The bullets went through the walls of 5 apartments, none of which were the one they were responding to. potentially unequipped to handle an actual violent situationHave you seen a cop lately? Like a regular cop on patrol in a cruiser? They are equipped to handle an actual fucking foreign invasion. And they act accordingly. Aside from running into someone armed with a grenade launched, a regular cop in the US is fully equipped to handle 99 of all violent situations.
Does it matter? If consumers want the commodity won t someone step forth to take the small margins? So is it ultimately that consumers don t want this particular commodity badly enough to force the market to exist?
Javascript FTW, a text editor and a browser and you are already programming!
Without passwords ... by importing your passwords to google! haha
If you re just looking for the algorithms, there s always this C port from 7 years ago the README includes an e-mail exchange with Kevin, who noted the code is GPL
Probably not your next car, or the car after that. From what I gather, this is a maybe kind of thing, 10 years out. And even with that, auto manufacturers can and will drag their feet like they have other regulation back seat child detection text later on in this section of the bill alludes to this possibility, stating that if 10 years have passed and this mandate hasn t been implemented, the Secretary of Transportation is gonna have to explain why and provide some possible steps forward.
sheer ?... shear balls just sounds painful
No. Killer bees are africanized European honeybees. These are just plain old African honeybees.
I ve created myself a blog on Medium, and I thought it would be fun to find like-minded people there.In my blog I post short sci-fi stories and articles on programming and tech
I m sorry people copied your work. I ve been there, and I know how frustrating it can be. But you should probably just get over it. This is the reality of the tech world. Good ideas that are easy to copy will be copied.I m not above a few snarky remarks when it happens, but I think there s very little to gain and potentially something to lose from trying to get your customers or the Internet at large upset about it. People that copy often don t really understand the nuance of how things work anyway, so the copy is often worse than the original. Just keep making better products.
Fun fact The colorful Windows 98 explorer sidebar that is shown in the first screenshot was implemented as HTML and Javascript , along with the desktop background called active desktop .
You can do that with iOS, when you scan a QR it pops a notification showing the domain and asks if you d like to open it.
It s not irrelevant. Look through the HN guidelines 1 . Articles like this are definitely acceptable.-Hacker News Guidelines - What to Submit On-Topic Anything that good hackers would find interesting. That includes more than hacking and startups. If you had to reduce it to a sentence, the answer might be anything that gratifies one s intellectual curiosity. 1
It s actually not that interesting believe it or not. A surprising number of pretty banal business processes never caught on to the idea of a repeatable process -- or it s assumed that repeatable means having a human do it .For example, I have a program manager coworker who spent about half of her week building reports to go out to her client. Almost 90 of that time was spent copy-pasting data into excel and turning those tables into charts.I pointed out that these charts could probably just be automatically generated. Half a day of work by one of our colleagues and it was. Another couple days work and all she needed to do was run a script in the folder with the raw data and it d even spit out a draft .docx with most of the key sections done I think he used python-docx for this .It s just very simple stuff like that, when you work up and down any organization s business processes, you can find all kinds of stuff like this -- often long running. It doesn t even always have to be automated, sometimes just rethinking physical processes in simple ways can have a profound impact.I m reminded of this hard part is convincing people that this means their employees can either finish the same amount of work early, or can do more with the time they have.
The code checks to see that x is nine or fewer characters, so you can try to request up to 9999999x9 or 9x9999999.
How many years of driving experience do you have? I only ask because this sounds so much like something a new driver would say.Your car is not a finely tuned Formula 1 Ferrari. It shouldn t be driven like one.
It would be great to have an option to not only increase and decrease the time limit, but simply increase decrease the complexity by one step.Edit OK, this seems to kinda work by clicking on the ingredient.
amen.
Biomass is renewable.Depending on one s definition of green it may or may not be green. However it is renewable in a sensible time frame .
I believe OP s point is that which state you re seeing varies by distance. We see Andromeda as it was millions of years ago, but we see other stars as they were only hundreds of thousands of years ago. Closer more recent picture, Farther older snapshot.
Go for compilers thenIt will significantly improve your understanding of programming langs, how some of them suck, what is possible, etc, etc.
I really hoped Julia would become a major player in scientific computing and data science, but it looks like ever less probable. I like Python, but for science I like Julia more.
This is just ridiculous. It is truly unfair to discriminate people based on the country of their birth. It s not like they had a choice.Am I the only one who thinks that both China and Russia have spies who are not native Chinese or Russians? And are people really naive to believe that a stupid decision like this would prevent China or Russia from trying to obtain the information they need if they really want it
The ending of this article reminded me of Peter Thiel s article Competition is for Losers Thiel s article is really well researched but his conclusions about monopolies are wrong and dangerous. Monopolies are terrible for society - Monopolies allow companies to enforce arbitrary rules which everyone must follow with no means of escape it s essentially a total dictatorship . If you got fired from such a company, where else would you work? The CEO could literally just rape anyone they wanted and no one would be able to speak up. Worse than that the media will probably tell you that it s actually an honour and you should be thankful! What sort of world is that?Then he uses past history - The fact that monopolistic companies like Google tend to encourage and reward innovation as an example of why monopolies are good but he completely omits the fact that Sergey and Larry were raised in a highly competitive environment and that s why Google is like this .Wait a few generations and you re going to see the elite inheriting class develop into a generation of spoiled entitled brats who have no interest for innovation because they re too busy having fun.It sounds like Peter Thiel wants to turn Facebook into a mega-corporation to take over the world. He has a very black-and-white view of the world which I find really dangerous. He thinks that there is one correct way to do things and that this way is always correct.The biggest problem is that as soon as you allow a corporation to get a world-dominating monopoly, there will be NO WAY OUT - That corporation will always have the power to manipulate the media and keep everyone locked in their places - There will be NO GOING BACK.Peter Thiel severely underestimates human greed and ego both of which he has plenty of . His monopoly idea is only good for people like him - The fact that he thinks it s good for EVERYONE just shows how out of touch he and his friends are.
Yeah tails was so broken with CloudFare I had to give up on it. Many sites showed the annoying captcha and, if you got past that, still refused to show content because it was presumably served from a separate domain. If you looked at source and copied the urls to the images and tried to open them directly you got another CloudFare captcha.
Okay I ll bite since I don t know this. Like who?
I wish they would just charge an extra X for the privilege of using multiple external monitors.They do, you have to pay more for an M3 Pro or M3 Max.
I m wondering what will happen? More users will start using decentralized and open source programs? They will run their own mail server? Or They will hate NSA, but still push personal data to few big corporations?
Due to lack of time, I resort to brute force ... YUK ... - label Simon3 page A-60 Same here
It s also what a small left-leaning majority says to defend themselves and shut up their detractors Dude, grow upQED. Thanks, dude.
In the northern hemisphere, the worst quarter of a cyclonic storm is to the NW. That s where winds blow in toward, driving storm surge, and it s where the warm tropical moisture tends to meet cooler northern continental airmasses, triggering rain cold air can hold less total moisture than warm . Storms tracking east of New Orleans produce less overall damage as the primary storm surge is directed further east, and the city itself is subjected to the less-damaging, and already somewhat moisture-depleted NE and NW winds as the storm passes.Ida tracked just west of downtown New Orleans. The eyewall didn t interact with downtown proper, though it did cross the Mississippi a few miles NW of New Orleans. Storm surge was significant, though because Ida was a smaller though intense storm, total surge was less than for Katrina, 16 years earlier 14 ft vs. 20 . Katrina s peak surge was far closer to Lake Ponchartrain, whilst Ida s was further to the SW, being highest near Grand Isle.
Adding a new rendering backend to a games engine is a trivial taskYou keep saying this, but it remains false. If it would have been so trivial, studios wouldn t have hard time adding such backends and wouldn t need to hire third party porting experts when they decide to do it. You can see how long it takes major engines like Unreal to make a fully functional backend since features added to such engines are publicly communicated . It s very clear it s not trivial at all.And MS and Co. obviously do all they can to keep this difficult, that s the main idea of their lock-in which they designed to tax developers with.What s bad though, is your justification of this practice.
or Time, Newsweek, The Observer, etc. The weekly paper has been around forever exactly because of it s ability to condense and review the week s news.
You mean the one concrete example of the mob boss who got 5 years for 19 murders because he cooperated, right? In your mind, are 19 murders equivalent to 7 counts of fraud?Do you realize that those 19 murders likely carried 19 consecutive life sentences as a maximum sentence?
I ve got a RadeonHD 3200, currently with 3.11 it overheats and shuts down automatically. AMD decided not to support this GPU with newer Xorg.Curious if 3.12 will make a big difference. I don t need performance, I just need the damn thing not to melt down and shut down.
Well it shows that bash has the ability to customise the tab completion. I think this is a new feature of bash.No, I don t think it s new at all. From Ian McDonald s site, Working more productively with bash 2.x 3.x 1 A relatively new feature in bash is programmable completion, which has been available since the beta version of 2.04.Taking a quick look at Bash s official downloads site 2 , Bash 2.04 was released in March of 2000. 1
I once read an article that said you should be very careful of anybody who can disagree vehemently and convincingly with another person s point without ever categorically accusing them of being wrong. In fact you should seek out such people, because in matters of opinion that is the exact definition of someone with whom you can have a civilised discussion.
Although good api, paintschainer seems to have a different purpose
I want the theories to be wrong too, it s just that I m a sceptic in this case simply because of the utter awesomness that would be the result.I will happily spend more than 100 just on delivery if that is required to make a payout in liquor local Swedish flavors across the world. Crisp paper is fully acceptable as well Doubt we will ever settle this though... I have painfully little faith in scientific breakthroughs.
I didn t watch it, but I had many friends who did and were very upset about the ending and lack of closure on story lines.
Pandas for Python is almost re-imaging of R Base 0 instead of base 1 UGH very closely and the common task match closely, but I still use R over Python.
I understand where you re coming from, but isn t it possible it s not really a conscious decision being made? I mean do you think that people are actively choosing colors over people? I just think it may be more likely users of Apple devices are generally manipulated to associate interacting with Apple devices as a more enjoyable experience than with non-Apple devices. You say you are being more fair than they would be, but purposeful lack of understanding doesn t seem very fair to me, it seems like you re maybe trying to retaliate against an invented perception. I don t think it d hurt anyone to consider opposing actions in a realistic light.
Swift is here to stay, but Objective-C is not going to fade away quickly. Many developers have existing codebases, but they also have deadlines, and business decisions. There is no fast way to rewrite an app in Swift. So let s face it, many of you will probably be writing in Objective-C for a while yet. Nice to see an honest opening!
Yeah,every article is a short seller, right?My god some of you people are you going to look foolish.
dead
They ruled that Apple had immunity, which is not the same as finding that Apple didn t lie.
This system is for highway traffic, there s no traffic lights. The maximum number of vehicles in a road train is 5. Obviously it has all kinds of failure recovery systems and in fact some top-end BMWs can already safely pull over to the side of the road if the driver suddenly has a heart attack or is otherwise incapacitated.
I think the commenter may have referred to the video, in which there s a lot of stutter. I found this distracting as well, since it made it difficult to see just how interactive or immediate, for the semantically inclined the programming really was. That said, I think this is great work, and the screencast is otherwise doing a great job getting your points across. I disagree with other comments saying there s too much coding, and copy pasta would ve been better I feel the balance was just right. Thanks for sharing this with the world!
This subthread isn t discussing IndexedDB.
it s a good way to illustrate that you can serve a lot of traffic with very little backend power.What? It demonstrates that Cloudfront or Fastly can handle a lot of traffic, since they ll cache just about everything if you put it in front of a static website...
I haven t noticed it asking for the captcha yet on automatic logout, but I d imagine it would be there all the same if I had to guess.
Code is on GitHub not designed for any kind of production use and we have no plans to develop this further. It s only a quick and dirty example implementation of several possible architectures to get some ideas about the performance impacts of architectural design decisions.Also, it s academic code, that means it s poorly documented and designed to run only the benchmarks that we needed. But I do think it s above average quality for academic code
I have an LG C9, and I much prefer the integration and smart apps over slower Chromecast Fire sticks. I can also cast to my TV and still use the remote in the Youtube app when casting for example . It s a pretty good UX and the C9 has enough compute resources for everything to be very snappy. I could drop more on something like the nVidia Shield, but I already have an HTPC hooked up to my TV, running a Plex server as well as letting me use MPC-HC if I need to.I ve made my peace with the telemetry ramifications though I have not accepted a number of privacy policy notices so things aren t all that bad.
It s primarily a testament to how simply mind bogglingly slow Python is outside of its optimised numerical science ecosystem. Which also why I don t use it that much, because while numerical analysis is a big part of what I do, so is what I would call symbolic manipulation and unless you go to quite some effort to transform every problem into a numerical one, Python is just awful at that.But Nim is only one of a whole suite of languages that easily cruise to a 10x performance win over Python. And that isn t counting multicore - if you count that you quickly get to a 100x improvement.Personally I use Groovy for much of what I do for similar reasons which is somewhat unusual but its just a placeholder for use anything except python .
both.
If we go to war with China I don t think you or anyone else will care much about your company.I know you meant it as an example, but this sort of extreme attitude towards security is just another footgun.
My side project, FormTester 365 has been doing a little over 700 mo now. Many customers are agencies who want to be alerted if a client s web forms stop working.It tests website forms daily currently as a Gravity Forms plugin add on and confirms that they were successfully submitted. I m working to add support for general web forms in the next few months. Feel free to send me an email if you re interested in being notified when that feature rolls out jon at creativeculturemedia.com
Fascinating! Thanks a lot!
I was told once that in China, people squat a lot more than in the West. Both for toilet use, but also just for sitting down somewhere.Example I was told that upon seeing a bench, whereas westerners would normally sit on it, a Chinese person will squat on it. This supposedly also makes their legs much stronger.Can anyone confirm this?
Assuming perfect information and rationality, you can t charge more than something is worth, at least in the long run, so there s no conflict.
This is seriously messing up with my head. What is wrong with the response?The following generated by GPT4 seems reasonable to meBased on the given information, we can use logical reasoning to determine if it rained today. The statement If it rains today, I will drive home can be represented as Rains Drive HomeHowever, you mentioned that you did not drive home, which means the second part of the statement is false Drive HomeIn this case, we cannot definitively conclude whether it rained today or not. It is possible that it did not rain, or it rained, but you chose another mode of transportation for some reason.
Echoing that. I have 6 Mint licenses, and have recommended it to several clients. It s good stuff.
And you would lose your money.
I actually think it s far better to pair program with ChatGPT instead of another human.
I can imagine a project that successfully replicates the entire google developer environment distributed build system w caching, monorepo with presubmit checks, code review, testing, etc would be successful since ex-googlers would be likely to advocate for it inside their own organizations and most orgs don t have the engineering time to build all this themselves.Without this tooling large organizations tend to silo which creates high engineering costs every project starts from scratch, no shared frameworks libraries, no standardizing around best practices, etc .
The xbox made you buy a subscription just to watch netflix, even if you never wanted to play any video games online.This is exactly why I got my Roku player. No turning back now.
The question in that decision was whether political spending by corporations was part of the free speech right. There s no question more broadly that corporations can put out a press release saying more or less anything truthful that they want.The political spending in the case of Citizens United was the production and dissemination of a propaganda film. If the release of a film can be restricted, why not a press release as well?From wikipedia Broadcasting the film would have been a violation of the 2002 Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act, which prohibited any corporation, non-profit organization, or labor union from making an electioneering communication within 30 days of a primary or 60 days of an election, or making any expenditure advocating the election or defeat of a candidate at any time. If the law bans electioneering communication , could not an electioneering press release be considered such a banned communication as well?
Ah, a radical, so basically anyone who questions leftist orthodoxy - questioning climate alarmism as a means to take more of your money - questioning feminism as a force of havoc on the nuclear family - questioning vaccine safety, a class of drugs that suspiciously never undergo double blind placebo safety testing - questioning the expanding welfare state as possibly not a social good but a crutch Etc.All radical ideas to even think about. Shhhhh!
It s such a tiring method of argument -- You can t do anything until you exhaustively quantify the plusses and minuses. It takes like ten seconds to go over the benefits of ferrets. Why be lazy? I don t think it s a bad idea to briefly weigh both sides in just about every situation.
Related Feather Open-source icons - - Aug 2017 140 comments
Yeah- but you postpone it indefinitely, or pay it back in a year where you have negative income or other circumstances that afford a better tax situation.Or get sneaky and attempt other creative legally questionable solutions, like having an entity you control buy that debt from the bank and hold it while giving you a 0 rate, or something similar.
When I m consuming non-fiction content, I try to write down specific experiments I can try that put the things I learned into practice.Could you turn this into a social network where people cooperate to do these experiments? It could be used to figure out which ideas are helpful and it could be used to help people when they are stuck implementing an idea.
Can t you enroll a Yubikey and keep it in a safe?
FHA loans should still be pretty close
Even more confusing when flight crew phraseology is this boeing three seven dash eight is equipped with ... for a 737-800.
Then parameterize return results for one specific duration, return that duration with results, and make it easy to adjust afterward. Here are the results I found for the last week... Show the same for the last 10 days
Its main purpose is internet currency. The only serious uses surround that via smart contracts, like decentralized exchanges or provably fair gambling unsavory as that is . Any time someone says the currency aspect is separate from blockchain, I d be wary, seeing how the entire point of blockchain is decentralization via proof of work or stake.NFTs can make sense in theory as an alternative to the already-popular video game collectibles, as silly as that premise is, but they never really got traction, and again that s related to currency. There s been a lot of vaporware around things like corporate blockchains to track assets, which don t even make sense in theory.
Interesting take, I never thought of that
That was a very famous incident, try searching fischer nigel short bongcloud . Someone played several games against Short and won them all with horrible openings using 2 Kf2 and the like not Ke2 iirc . The person knew some Fischer trivia so there was wide speculation including by Short that the mysterious opponent was Fischer himself. Consensus these days was that it was some prankster using an engine. This was in the era before powerful engines were that widely available, so they weren t people s immediate thought, but they existed.
I see pickups in the parking lot that literally do not fit in the parking spaces.Many of these are from nearby farms I m sure. But wow, they re just freakishly large. At a certain point you ve got to wonder if they re basically heavy equipment that don t belong where normal autos belong.I wonder where that line is. Can I build and drive the Canyonero even if it s two lanes wide?
I d like to pick on the point that Founders and Engineers are as guilty as Recruiters in terms of sending boiler plate messages.Recruiter 53 , Founder 49 , Engineer 47 .A recruiter s _only_ job is to recruit talented people. A founder engineer has other things to do. Yes they should be spending a significant portion of their time recruiting. How realistic is that expectation though?Also, how do the s above add to 100 unless there is a significant overlap between Engineers and Founders?
Great article. I fully agree with its findings that 93 of US economists are me-too academics who don t understand economics and whose consensus is destroying the world.
one advantage of highly distinct colors which is discouraged in this article is that.. the colors are more distinct across all sorts of mediumsActually this is precisely the opposite. If I understand you correctly, you re saying that the advice in the article -- to avoid super-saturated colors, super-bright colors, or colors evenly spaced around the color wheel -- is bad, because all these help increase distinctiveness.But the reality is that when translating across mediums, like inkjet or black and white, these have the problem of blowing out, where light colors turn white and dark colors turn black. And with colorblindness, you encounter the problem of radically different colors becoming indistinguishable.Whereas if you stick to less contrast but still maintain meaningful differences in both hue and lightness, it translates well across mediums. Shades don t get blown out, and levels of lightness remain distinguishable.And as for colorblindness, the article specifically recommends using warm colors vs. blue precisely for this reason And they are accessible colorblind people can easily distinguish blue and orange red from each other. This is why you don t want to use the whole range of distinctive colors, like red, yellow, green, blue, purple all together.
There were and probably still are some shared nix systems that allowed you to connect and play spectate Nethack games.
Nowadays you could paint the algorithm on the side of a wall near a road and wait for Google streetview to pick it up or paint it really big on a paved area and wait for Google Earth to pick it up.
The ones near the tracks are, the ones in the original development across from Macys and Target and the store to be built later are allegedly going to be more affordable. Of course the original builder went bankrupt in the mortgage crisis.
I think Snow Leopard 10.6 was the most stable OS X release.
How come you manage to remember to twiddle a joystick in your flat games?It s honestly not an issue and the early Valve thinking of that only room scale locomotion is acceptable is silly for anyone who s spent more than an hour in VR.
Yes, I personally agree with you. I worked a bit for one of those many years ago, and I d say ignorance of security concepts were the biggest risks for security.
I agree in general long-term Japanese translator here , but ChatGPT 4 can still screw up in annoying ways, such as giving blatantly wrong readings for Japanese names. I m not sure if that is a tokenization issue, the result of not enough training data, or confabulation, but Claude 3 Opus seems to do better in that regard.
OP But wait, what s this? Is that a home screen I see? But of course! There s the memos app, and there s your contacts, and there s the web browser. It turns out, this is just another unfortunate example of Samsung getting it all wrong.I think Samsung deserves a bit of slack on their first kick at the can. Look at the other two Android cameras - the Polaroid and the Nikon - did they get it right? If I was going to bet on who will get Android right on a camera first, I d pick Samsung over Nikon.Give it a few software iterations, when everyone understands what Android s fit is with a dedicated camera, and things will get better.While it s easy to make an argument for Apple getting things right on the first time, the bottom line is that Samsung isn t Apple and never will be.
And where do most Chinese exports go to?
Why do you want to let driver memory bugs overwrite random kernel memory?
I mean, the more senior you get the more focus you have on the stuff you describe - system design interviews, leadership interviews, etc. I know a few people that interviewed at Meta E6 for example, and they were explicitly told the leetcode interviews don t really matter as much and they are just there to make sure you can actually code.Imo Leetcode is fine for younger hires since at that point you are just looking for aptitude and or someone who has the work ethic to grind.With that being said, Lyfts hiring practices is probably NOT why they are laying people off. This is a business issue. No amount of infrastructure or hackernews-style idealistic interviews would be able to fundamentally change their position in their business segment, especially if its just for hiring ICs. The people at lyft are plenty talented, contrary to what OP is saying.
Proof of stake solves this. Proof of work is basically proof of stake in foreign mining hardware and electricity bills. You ve heard of small POW chains getting attacked vechain, ethereum classic but have you heard of any POS chains having such problems? Caveat Crypto founder.
